




The Tolaxis Single Asset Funds
A collection of Luxembourg special limited partnerships holding a single real estate asset





Prospectus
[Date]




Tolaxis SAF 1
Tolaxis SAFn
























Not subject to supervision by any supervisory authority in Luxembourg or elsewhere.


CONTENTS
CONTENTS	2
USING THIS PROSPECTUS	3
This Prospectus	3
Understanding investment terms	3
Understanding RISK	3
Understanding Classes and Costs	3
Dealing in Interests	3
Pricing and valuation	3
Contact and Communications	4
A WORD TO INVESTORS	5
Understanding Your Investment in the Funds	5
What to Know about Investment Objective	5
What to Know about Investment Policy	5
Where Does Investment Strategy Fit in	5
Understanding Classes	5
Before Making an Investment	5
What to Know about Risk	5
Who Can Invest in the Partnership	5
CHOOSING THE RIGHT SHARE CLASS	5
Which Information to Rely on	6
UNDERSTANDING YOUR INVESTMENT	7
Investment Objective and Policy	7
Investment ObjectiveS	7
Investment Process	7
Investment Policies	7
Planning Your Investment	7
Investment Suitability	7
Fund Risks	8
Dealing in Interests	8
Other Factors	8
UNDERSTANDING YOUR RISKS	9
What to Know About Risk	9
Risks Related to real estate	9
Risks Related to liquid assets	12
Risks Related to the Partnership	13
Risks Related to Some Classes	15
UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT POWERS	17
What to Know about Investment Policies and Restrictions	17
Permitted Assets	17
Risk-Spreading	17
Leverage	17
Borrowings	17
Liquid Assets	18
Derivatives and Other Techniques and Instruments	18
Investment Breaches	18
Changes to Investment Terms	18
What to Know about Risk Management	18
Global Risk Management	18
Liquidity Risk Management	18
How the Funds Integrate ESG and Sustainable Investing	18
What Is ESG	18
How We Integrate ESG	18
UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS	20
Classes	20
What to Know about Classes	20
What Classes Are Available	20
Class Specifications	20
Waivers and Reduced Minima	20
Costs	20
What To Know About Costs	20
One-off Charges Taken before or after Investing	21
Charges Taken from a Class over a Year	21
Other Charges not Included above	21
Rebates	22
INVESTING IN THE FUNDS	23
Dealing in Interests	23
Information That Applies to All Deals Except Transfers	23
Making an Investment	24
Switching Interests	24
Redeeming Your Interests	24
Transferring Your Interests	25
Your Obligations as an Investor	25
How We Keep Your Personal Data Private	25
How We Protect Investors and Prevent Crime and Terrorism	26
Identifying You as a Client	26
Issuance and Ownership, and Rights Relating to Interests	26
Issuance and Ownership	26
Rights Attaching to Interests	26
Rights We Reserve	26
Tax	28
What to Know about Taxation of Funds and Their Investments	28
What to Know about Taxation and Reporting of Investors	28
How We Allocate and Distribute Moneys	28
Investor Accounts	28
Allocation	28
Distributions	28
Liquidation	29
How to Liquidate a Fund	29
How to Liquidate a Class	29
Merger and Other Reorganisations	29
How to Merge A Fund	29
How to Merge or Reorganise a Fund or Class	29
UNDERSTANDING PRICING AND VALUATION	30
How We Calculate Interest Prices	30
Timing and Formula	30
Calculation of Interest Price, Bid and Offer Price	30
Error Correction	30
Income or capital distributUnderstanding Your Investment to make a on or income or capital, we will determine the amount available whether there is  is sold or refinancedwhen anreinvestmentDistributionDistributions	30
How We Valuate Assets	31
NAV Calculation	31
Fund Rights Related to NAV Calculation and Dealing Arrangements	31
ONGOING COMMUNICATIONS	32
Notices and Publications	32
Keeping You up to Date	32
Channels	32
Key	32
Investor Meetings and Consultations	32
Queries and Complaints	32
Information for Investors in Certain Countries	32
STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS	34
Structure	34
The Funds	34
The General Partner	34
Service Providers Engaged by the General Partner	35
The Investment Fund Manager 	35
The Investment adviser	35
The Depositary	36
The Administrator	36
The Legal Adviser	37
The Swiss Representative and Paying Agent	37
The Distributors	37
The Auditor	37
Partnership Policies	37
Conduct Policies	37
Portfolio Management Policies	38
GLOSSARY	39
Defined Terms	39
General Investment Terms	42
NEXT STEPS	44




USING THIS PROSPECTUS
This Prospectus
This prospectus is designed so that it can be read as a narrative as well as a reference document in which you can easily find information on specific topics. The information on this page indicates where to find the most used information.
‘You’ and ‘your’ refer to you when you deal in or own interests, or to persons authorised to deal in or own interests on your behalf.
‘We’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refer to the funds or their general partner, or persons authorised to act on behalf of the funds or their general partner, such as the investment fund manager, the investment adviser, the administrator, or the depositary. For a definition of the persons authorised to act on the funds or their general partner’s behalf, see Glossary. To see who does what on behalf of the funds or their general partner, see Structure and Operations. 
‘Fund’ refers to any one or more Tolaxis Single Asset  Funds, or all of them, or the general partner acting on behalf of those funds.
UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT TERMS
Defined terms. See Glossary.
General investment terms. See Glossary.
Investment strategy. The funds are permitted to invest in any real estate asset directly or through one or more real estate investment. However, each fund also has its own investment strategy, which is to invest directly or indirectly in a single real estate asset.
For general information on all the funds’ investment objective and policy, see What to Know about Investment Policy and Restrictions under Understanding Investment Powers; for specific information relating to a fund’s investment terms, see Understanding Your Investment.
Understanding Your Investment provides a guide to the terms of your investment. Unless you find different information in Understanding Your Investment, the following interpretations apply—
Real estate investments. Each fund primarily invests in real estate. Investments in real estate assets are mostly made through real estate investments. The features of the real estate asset a fund can invest in are described in Understanding Your Investment[PdB1].
Liquid assets. To support its expenses, each fund may also hold cash and cash equivalents to a limited extent. 
Countries. When a country is stated, it refers to the country in which a real estate asset is located, not to the domicile of the real estate investement which holds the real estate asset.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) integration and sustainable investing   See How the Funds Integrate ESG and Sustainable Investing to see how we integrate environmental, social and governance information into the investment decision-making process.
UNDERSTANDING RISK
Risks. The partnership is subject to various risks. See Understanding Your Risks for a description of those that apply to the partnership.
UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS
The partnership has various classes; not all of these are available to investors. Each class bear the costs of the partnership’s formation and operation. Other costs may be charged to you directly. 
Eligibility. See Classes and Costs.
Investment minima. See Classes and Costs.
Characteristics and naming conventions. See Classes and Costs.
Currently available. To see if a class is marketed in a particular country, contact the investment fund manager or the local representatives shown in Service Providers Engaged by the General Partner. 
ISIN. See Understanding Your Investment.
Currency abbreviations.
CHFSwiss francEUREuroGBPPound SterlingUSDUS dollarOne-time and annual charges. Stated in Understanding Your Investment; explained in Classes and Costs.
Recent actual expenses. See the most recent annual report.
DEALING IN INTERESTS
Opening an investor account with Tolaxis. See Investing in the Fund. 
Purchasing a fund. See Investing in the Fund. 
Selling a fund. See Investing in the Partnership.
Transferring to another person. Subject to conditions. See Investing in the Partnership. 
Tax considerations. See Investing in the Partnership.
Liquidation, mergers, and other reorganisations. See Investing in the Partnership.
PRICING AND VALUATION
NAV calculation. See Understanding Pricing and Valuation. 
Interest prices. See Understanding Pricing and Valuation.
CONTACT AND COMMUNICATIONS
Service providers. See Structure and Operations.
Queries and complaints. Contact the investment fund manager or your intermediary.
Notices and publications. See Ongoing Communications.


A WORD TO INVESTORS
Understanding Your Investment in the Funds
The funds are not registered with any supervisory authority in Luxembourg or elsewhere.
You are responsible for understanding and complying with the laws which apply to you, in your country of tax residence or elsewhere. This includes understanding the potential legal and tax consequences and resolving any claims that arise if you fail to comply with those laws.
We recommend that you obtain legal, tax and financial advice before investing initially (and under any other circumstances where legal, tax or financial concerns may be relevant), and as you maintain or increase your investment.
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The partnership’s investment objective describes what we are trying to achieve; for example, whether we are aiming to provide growth to the partnership, income from the partnership, or a combination of the two. Additional information may be provided, such as targeted income levels or other specific requirements. Knowing the investment objective helps you understand the partnership's strategy and expectations..
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT INVESTMENT POLICY
The partnership’s investment policy specifies how we intend to achieve the partnership’s objective.
While the objective specifies what we are trying to achieve, the investment policy describes the broad parameters of the approach towards delivering the objective. Typically, this will describe the type of investments we will invest in and any geographical or industry sectors that we will focus on.
WHERE DOES INVESTMENT STRATEGY FIT IN
The investment strategy describes how we will approach the task of managing the partnership within the confines specified in the policy.
Understanding Classes
We offer interests in various classes. Each class has its specific terms, such as—
• currency
• investor eligibility
• minimum investment or holding requirements
• fees and charges
• allocation of income
• distribution policy
• liquidity
• voting rights
• reporting obligations.
Those terms, and other terms that may apply, are described in Understanding Classes and Costs and are specified in Understanding Your Investment.
Before Making an Investment
Before investing in the partnership, you should understand the risks, costs, and terms of the class you deal in, and how the investment would align with your financial circumstances and tolerance for investment risk.
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT RISK
When you invest in the partnership, the value of your investment can go up and down, and you could lose some or all of your invested money. Levels of income can also fluctuate (as a rate or in absolute terms). The partnership is not intended as a complete investment plan, and is not appropriate for all investors. 
You must evaluate evaluate the risks associated with the partnership to determine if it aligns with your personal investment goals and risk tolerance. Risk is an integral component of the partnership’s return.
As with most investments, future performance will differ from past performance. Results may vary substantially over time, and you could lose money over short, intermediate, or even long periods. There is no guarantee that the partnership will meet its objectives or achieve any level of performance.
The main risks of the partnership are detailed in this prospectus. To better understand the overall risk associated with an investment in the partnership, we encourage you to read the Risk Descriptions.
WHO CAN INVEST IN THE PARTNERSHIP
Your ability to invest in the partnership depends on several factors, including the partnership's registration in your country and your eligibility to invest. The partnership is not registered for sale or available in all locations, and only certain classes may be registered in some countries.
Distributing this prospectus or offering interests for sale is legal only in Luxembourg and other countries where the interests are registered for sale or not restricted by local laws. Distribution or offering interests for sale in other countries may be restricted or prohibited. This prospectus is not an offer in any country or to any person where the offer is not authorised.
Refer to Information for Investors in Certain Countries for more details.
CHOOSING THE RIGHT SHARE CLASS 
Refer to Classes and Costs to determine which share classes are available to you. Some classes are open to all eligible investors, while others have specific requirements.
All share classes are available exclusively to professional investors, and as a result, we do not issue PRIIPs KIDs for any class. Minimum investment or holding requirements may apply, which we may choose to waive or enforce.
WHICH INFORMATION TO RELY ON
How we provide information. We provide information to you about the partnership in separate documents and in different ways.
To ensure you have accurate and up-to-date information, refer to the following documents—
• this prospectus
• the limited partnership agreement
• the subscription agreement
the most recent annual report• .
You can access or receive these documents as specified in Notices and Publications under Ongoing Communication or on [website].[PdB2][PdB3]
Only rely on information contained in these documents or those we have referred you to, as we have not authorised anyone to provide different information.
If these documents are translated into languages other than English, prioritise the English version over translations.
Since the terms of the partnership may differ from the general information we have provided, in all cases rely rely on the limited partnership agreement over different information in the prospectus.
How that information affects you. When you deal in interests, you accept the terms described in the documents we have provided to you. Your contractual relationship with the partnership and the general partner is under Luxembourg law.
How we take responsibility for that information. We have taken reasonable care to ensure that the information we provide you in these documents or on [website] [PdB4][PdB5]is accurate, is current at the date of their publishing, and does not omit any material information.
The information in the documents we refer to you is based on current law and practice. It is subject to change. We are not required to update any information if there is a change of law or practice.
Be mindful about some statements. Some statements that we make may constitute ‘forward-looking statements’. Forward-looking statements include current expectations, estimates and projections about the markets in which the partnership operates, and our beliefs and assumptions on general economic conditions. 
Words such as ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘anticipate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘estimate’, ‘project’, ‘forecast’, and future or conditional verbs such as ‘will’, ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, or ‘would’, or other statements that necessarily depend on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees; they involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
Although we base those statements on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, actual results might differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Do not rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and carefully consider the risks described in this prospectus. We are not required to update any forward-looking statement if it later turns out to be inaccurate.


UNDERSTANDING YOUR INVESTMENT 
RCS[•]Duration[•]Financial year end31 DecemberInterestsMust be fully paid up; carry no par value, no preferential or pre-emptive rightsInvestment Objective and Policy
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES
• To primarily invest in a range of Tolaxis single asset funds holding various real estate assets and offer them to professional investors as single or co-investments.
• To maintain a level of liquid assets of up to 10% to ensure a secondary market in the Tolaxis single asset funds.[SG6][PdB7]
INVESTMENT PROCESS
Ramp up
• Six from the first subscription date, with one extension of up to three months if we think it appropriate.[SG8][PdB9]
Investment period 
• Up to 12 years from the final subscription date.
Ramp down and exit
Ten years from the final subscription date, with up to two one-year extensions if we think it appropriate.[PdB10]e• ][SG11][SG12][PdB13]
Taxonomy Regulation (ESG approach)
• The investments underlying this fund do not take into account the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable economic activities.
INVESTMENT POLICIES
Real estate investments
• Instruments held   Equity participations (primarily partnership interests or similar equity interests) in the Tolaxis SAFs, a collection of single asset funds formed for purposes of holding the real estate assets specified below.
• Ownership structure   Each Tolaxis SAF is structured to hold a single each real estate asset directly or through another real estate investment
• Levels   Between 90 and 100% per cent in normal market conditions. 
• Other permitted investments   May grant financing and give guarantees or other security interests to real estate investments to cover any liabilities or contractual obligations of those real estate investments.
Real estate assets
• Type of assets
* Stabilised assets—such as office, commercial, residential, , industrial, logistics, retail, hotels, retirement housing, student housing mixed-use, alternatives and any similar asset class or combination of those.
* Development assets—such as land plots for the purpose of building or developing stabilsed assets.
• Countries   [details].[SG14][PdB15]
• Currencies of assets denomination   [details]
Liquid assets
• Instruments held   Cash or cash equivalents, including investments in money market funds, time deposits and regularly negotiated money market instruments with a short duration, government bondsand other bonds admitted to official listing or dealt on a regulated market, issued by first-class issuers and highly liquid.
• Main purpose   To ensure or enhance a secondary market in single asset funds. 
• Levels   May be held for 30 per cent of the partnership assets or less in normal conditions (typically around 10 per cent); temporarily for more than 30 per cent of the partnership assets—
* pending investment or reinvestment
* during ramp down and exit
* if market conditions justify it.
Non-permitted investments, instruments or techniques
• Short positions
• Securities lending 
• Repurchase transactions and reverse repurchase transactions.
Leverage
• Gross method   75 per cent
Commitment method   75 per cent.[PdB16]iv
• [SG17][SG18][PdB19]
Hedging
• Currency risk
• Interest rate (duration) risk.
Planning Your Investment
INVESTMENT SUITABILITY
Eligible investors. The partnership is suitable for you if you are—
• a professional investor
• part of the partnership’s management team.
Investor profile. The fund is intended for you if you—
• are familiar with and have experience in this type of product and strategy
• understand the risks associated with the fund
• seek long-term capital growth
• have obtained appropriate investment advice 
• can bear losses up to the amount you have invested.
The fund is not for you if you cannot sustain a long-term investment or losses associated with that investment.
FUND RISKS
Most relevant risks
• real estate
• real estate investments
• liquid asset
• counterparty
• concentration.
Other risks may also be relevant.
DEALING IN INTERESTS
Interests offered.   Limited partner interests (LP class).
Interests currency.   EUR.
Purchases.
• First purchase date   [date].
• Subsequent purchase dates   Each valuation day.
• Payment for subscriptions   By the applicable purchase date. 
Sales. Each valuation day, subject to available liquidity.
Transfers. To affiliates only. Subject to your notifying us of the transferee and our approval.
Valuation day[PZ20][MOU21]. Last day in each quarter.