




The Tolaxis Single Asset Funds
A collection of Luxembourg special limited partnerships holding a single real estate asset





Prospectus
[Date]




Tolaxis SAF 1
Tolaxis SAFn
























Not subject to supervision by any supervisory authority in Luxembourg or elsewhere.


CONTENTS
CONTENTS	2
USING THIS PROSPECTUS	3
This Prospectus	3
Understanding investment terms	3
Understanding RISK	3
Understanding Classes and Costs	3
Dealing in Interests	3
Pricing and valuation	3
Contact and Communications	4
A WORD TO INVESTORS	5
Understanding Your Investment in the Funds	5
What to Know about Investment Objective	5
What to Know about Investment Policy	5
Where Does Investment Strategy Fit in	5
Understanding Classes	5
Before Making an Investment	5
What to Know about Risk	5
Who Can Invest in the Partnership	5
CHOOSING THE RIGHT SHARE CLASS	5
Which Information to Rely on	6
UNDERSTANDING YOUR INVESTMENT	7
Investment Objective and Policy	7
Investment ObjectiveS	7
Investment Process	7
Investment Policies	7
Planning Your Investment	7
Investment Suitability	7
Fund Risks	8
Dealing in Interests	8
Other Factors	8
UNDERSTANDING YOUR RISKS	9
What to Know About Risk	9
Risks Related to real estate	9
Risks Related to liquid assets	12
Risks Related to the Partnership	13
Risks Related to Some Classes	15
UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT POWERS	17
What to Know about Investment Policies and Restrictions	17
Permitted Assets	17
Risk-Spreading	17
Leverage	17
Borrowings	17
Liquid Assets	18
Derivatives and Other Techniques and Instruments	18
Investment Breaches	18
Changes to Investment Terms	18
What to Know about Risk Management	18
Global Risk Management	18
Liquidity Risk Management	18
How the Funds Integrate ESG and Sustainable Investing	18
What Is ESG	18
How We Integrate ESG	18
UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS	20
Classes	20
What to Know about Classes	20
What Classes Are Available	20
Class Specifications	20
Waivers and Reduced Minima	20
Costs	20
What To Know About Costs	20
One-off Charges Taken before or after Investing	21
Charges Taken from a Class over a Year	21
Other Charges not Included above	21
Rebates	22
INVESTING IN THE FUNDS	23
Dealing in Interests	23
Information That Applies to All Deals Except Transfers	23
Making an Investment	24
Switching Interests	24
Redeeming Your Interests	24
Transferring Your Interests	25
Your Obligations as an Investor	25
How We Keep Your Personal Data Private	25
How We Protect Investors and Prevent Crime and Terrorism	26
Identifying You as a Client	26
Issuance and Ownership, and Rights Relating to Interests	26
Issuance and Ownership	26
Rights Attaching to Interests	26
Rights We Reserve	26
Tax	28
What to Know about Taxation of Funds and Their Investments	28
What to Know about Taxation and Reporting of Investors	28
How We Allocate and Distribute Moneys	28
Investor Accounts	28
Allocation	28
Distributions	28
Liquidation	29
How to Liquidate a Fund	29
How to Liquidate a Class	29
Merger and Other Reorganisations	29
How to Merge A Fund	29
How to Merge or Reorganise a Fund or Class	29
UNDERSTANDING PRICING AND VALUATION	30
How We Calculate Interest Prices	30
Timing and Formula	30
Calculation of Interest Price, Bid and Offer Price	30
Error Correction	30
Income or capital distributUnderstanding Your Investment to make a on or income or capital, we will determine the amount available whether there is  is sold or refinancedwhen anreinvestmentDistributionDistributions	30
How We Valuate Assets	31
NAV Calculation	31
Fund Rights Related to NAV Calculation and Dealing Arrangements	31
ONGOING COMMUNICATIONS	32
Notices and Publications	32
Keeping You up to Date	32
Channels	32
Key	32
Investor Meetings and Consultations	32
Queries and Complaints	32
Information for Investors in Certain Countries	32
STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS	34
Structure	34
The Funds	34
The General Partner	34
Service Providers Engaged by the General Partner	35
The Investment Fund Manager 	35
The Investment adviser	35
The Depositary	36
The Administrator	36
The Legal Adviser	37
The Swiss Representative and Paying Agent	37
The Distributors	37
The Auditor	37
Partnership Policies	37
Conduct Policies	37
Portfolio Management Policies	38
GLOSSARY	39
Defined Terms	39
General Investment Terms	42
NEXT STEPS	44




USING THIS PROSPECTUS
This Prospectus
This prospectus is designed so that it can be read as a narrative as well as a reference document in which you can easily find information on specific topics. The information on this page indicates where to find the most used information.
‘You’ and ‘your’ refer to you when you deal in or own interests, or to persons authorised to deal in or own interests on your behalf.
‘We’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refer to the funds or their general partner, or persons authorised to act on behalf of the funds or their general partner, such as the investment fund manager, the investment adviser, the administrator, or the depositary. For a definition of the persons authorised to act on the funds or their general partner’s behalf, see Glossary. To see who does what on behalf of the funds or their general partner, see Structure and Operations. 
‘Fund’ refers to any one or more Tolaxis Single Asset  Funds, or all of them, or the general partner acting on behalf of those funds.
UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT TERMS
Defined terms. See Glossary.
General investment terms. See Glossary.
Investment strategy. The funds are permitted to invest in any real estate asset directly or through one or more real estate investment. However, each fund also has its own investment strategy, which is to invest directly or indirectly in a single real estate asset.
For general information on all the funds’ investment objective and policy, see What to Know about Investment Policy and Restrictions under Understanding Investment Powers; for specific information relating to a fund’s investment terms, see Understanding Your Investment.
Understanding Your Investment provides a guide to the terms of your investment. Unless you find different information in Understanding Your Investment, the following interpretations apply—
Real estate investments. Each fund primarily invests in real estate. Investments in real estate assets are mostly made through real estate investments. The features of the real estate asset a fund can invest in are described in Understanding Your Investment[PdB1].
Liquid assets. To support its expenses, each fund may also hold cash and cash equivalents to a limited extent. 
Countries. When a country is stated, it refers to the country in which a real estate asset is located, not to the domicile of the real estate investement which holds the real estate asset.
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) integration and sustainable investing   See How the Funds Integrate ESG and Sustainable Investing to see how we integrate environmental, social and governance information into the investment decision-making process.
UNDERSTANDING RISK
Risks. The partnership is subject to various risks. See Understanding Your Risks for a description of those that apply to the partnership.
UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS
The partnership has various classes; not all of these are available to investors. Each class bear the costs of the partnership’s formation and operation. Other costs may be charged to you directly. 
Eligibility. See Classes and Costs.
Investment minima. See Classes and Costs.
Characteristics and naming conventions. See Classes and Costs.
Currently available. To see if a class is marketed in a particular country, contact the investment fund manager or the local representatives shown in Service Providers Engaged by the General Partner. 
ISIN. See Understanding Your Investment.
Currency abbreviations.
CHFSwiss francEUREuroGBPPound SterlingUSDUS dollarOne-time and annual charges. Stated in Understanding Your Investment; explained in Classes and Costs.
Recent actual expenses. See the most recent annual report.
DEALING IN INTERESTS
Opening an investor account with Tolaxis. See Investing in the Fund. 
Purchasing a fund. See Investing in the Fund. 
Selling a fund. See Investing in the Partnership.
Transferring to another person. Subject to conditions. See Investing in the Partnership. 
Tax considerations. See Investing in the Partnership.
Liquidation, mergers, and other reorganisations. See Investing in the Partnership.
PRICING AND VALUATION
NAV calculation. See Understanding Pricing and Valuation. 
Interest prices. See Understanding Pricing and Valuation.
CONTACT AND COMMUNICATIONS
Service providers. See Structure and Operations.
Queries and complaints. Contact the investment fund manager or your intermediary.
Notices and publications. See Ongoing Communications.


A WORD TO INVESTORS
Understanding Your Investment in the Funds
The funds are not registered with any supervisory authority in Luxembourg or elsewhere.
You are responsible for understanding and complying with the laws which apply to you, in your country of tax residence or elsewhere. This includes understanding the potential legal and tax consequences and resolving any claims that arise if you fail to comply with those laws.
We recommend that you obtain legal, tax and financial advice before investing initially (and under any other circumstances where legal, tax or financial concerns may be relevant), and as you maintain or increase your investment.
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
The partnership’s investment objective describes what we are trying to achieve; for example, whether we are aiming to provide growth to the partnership, income from the partnership, or a combination of the two. Additional information may be provided, such as targeted income levels or other specific requirements. Knowing the investment objective helps you understand the partnership's strategy and expectations..
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT INVESTMENT POLICY
The partnership’s investment policy specifies how we intend to achieve the partnership’s objective.
While the objective specifies what we are trying to achieve, the investment policy describes the broad parameters of the approach towards delivering the objective. Typically, this will describe the type of investments we will invest in and any geographical or industry sectors that we will focus on.
WHERE DOES INVESTMENT STRATEGY FIT IN
The investment strategy describes how we will approach the task of managing the partnership within the confines specified in the policy.
Understanding Classes
We offer interests in various classes. Each class has its specific terms, such as—
• currency
• investor eligibility
• minimum investment or holding requirements
• fees and charges
• allocation of income
• distribution policy
• liquidity
• voting rights
• reporting obligations.
Those terms, and other terms that may apply, are described in Understanding Classes and Costs and are specified in Understanding Your Investment.
Before Making an Investment
Before investing in the partnership, you should understand the risks, costs, and terms of the class you deal in, and how the investment would align with your financial circumstances and tolerance for investment risk.
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT RISK
When you invest in the partnership, the value of your investment can go up and down, and you could lose some or all of your invested money. Levels of income can also fluctuate (as a rate or in absolute terms). The partnership is not intended as a complete investment plan, and is not appropriate for all investors. 
You must evaluate evaluate the risks associated with the partnership to determine if it aligns with your personal investment goals and risk tolerance. Risk is an integral component of the partnership’s return.
As with most investments, future performance will differ from past performance. Results may vary substantially over time, and you could lose money over short, intermediate, or even long periods. There is no guarantee that the partnership will meet its objectives or achieve any level of performance.
The main risks of the partnership are detailed in this prospectus. To better understand the overall risk associated with an investment in the partnership, we encourage you to read the Risk Descriptions.
WHO CAN INVEST IN THE PARTNERSHIP
Your ability to invest in the partnership depends on several factors, including the partnership's registration in your country and your eligibility to invest. The partnership is not registered for sale or available in all locations, and only certain classes may be registered in some countries.
Distributing this prospectus or offering interests for sale is legal only in Luxembourg and other countries where the interests are registered for sale or not restricted by local laws. Distribution or offering interests for sale in other countries may be restricted or prohibited. This prospectus is not an offer in any country or to any person where the offer is not authorised.
Refer to Information for Investors in Certain Countries for more details.
CHOOSING THE RIGHT SHARE CLASS 
Refer to Classes and Costs to determine which share classes are available to you. Some classes are open to all eligible investors, while others have specific requirements.
All share classes are available exclusively to professional investors, and as a result, we do not issue PRIIPs KIDs for any class. Minimum investment or holding requirements may apply, which we may choose to waive or enforce.
WHICH INFORMATION TO RELY ON
How we provide information. We provide information to you about the partnership in separate documents and in different ways.
To ensure you have accurate and up-to-date information, refer to the following documents—
• this prospectus
• the limited partnership agreement
• the subscription agreement
the most recent annual report• .
You can access or receive these documents as specified in Notices and Publications under Ongoing Communication or on [website].[PdB2][PdB3]
Only rely on information contained in these documents or those we have referred you to, as we have not authorised anyone to provide different information.
If these documents are translated into languages other than English, prioritise the English version over translations.
Since the terms of the partnership may differ from the general information we have provided, in all cases rely rely on the limited partnership agreement over different information in the prospectus.
How that information affects you. When you deal in interests, you accept the terms described in the documents we have provided to you. Your contractual relationship with the partnership and the general partner is under Luxembourg law.
How we take responsibility for that information. We have taken reasonable care to ensure that the information we provide you in these documents or on [website] [PdB4][PdB5]is accurate, is current at the date of their publishing, and does not omit any material information.
The information in the documents we refer to you is based on current law and practice. It is subject to change. We are not required to update any information if there is a change of law or practice.
Be mindful about some statements. Some statements that we make may constitute ‘forward-looking statements’. Forward-looking statements include current expectations, estimates and projections about the markets in which the partnership operates, and our beliefs and assumptions on general economic conditions. 
Words such as ‘believe’, ‘expect’, ‘anticipate’, ‘intend’, ‘plan’, ‘estimate’, ‘project’, ‘forecast’, and future or conditional verbs such as ‘will’, ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘should’, or ‘would’, or other statements that necessarily depend on future events, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees; they involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
Although we base those statements on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, actual results might differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Do not rely unduly on any forward-looking statements and carefully consider the risks described in this prospectus. We are not required to update any forward-looking statement if it later turns out to be inaccurate.


UNDERSTANDING YOUR INVESTMENT 
RCS[•]Duration[•]Financial year end31 DecemberInterestsMust be fully paid up; carry no par value, no preferential or pre-emptive rightsInvestment Objective and Policy
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES
• To primarily invest in a range of Tolaxis single asset funds holding various real estate assets and offer them to professional investors as single or co-investments.
• To maintain a level of liquid assets of up to 10% to ensure a secondary market in the Tolaxis single asset funds.[SG6][PdB7]
INVESTMENT PROCESS
Ramp up
• Six from the first subscription date, with one extension of up to three months if we think it appropriate.[SG8][PdB9]
Investment period 
• Up to 12 years from the final subscription date.
Ramp down and exit
Ten years from the final subscription date, with up to two one-year extensions if we think it appropriate.[PdB10]e• ][SG11][SG12][PdB13]
Taxonomy Regulation (ESG approach)
• The investments underlying this fund do not take into account the EU criteria for environmentally sustainable economic activities.
INVESTMENT POLICIES
Real estate investments
• Instruments held   Equity participations (primarily partnership interests or similar equity interests) in the Tolaxis SAFs, a collection of single asset funds formed for purposes of holding the real estate assets specified below.
• Ownership structure   Each Tolaxis SAF is structured to hold a single each real estate asset directly or through another real estate investment
• Levels   Between 90 and 100% per cent in normal market conditions. 
• Other permitted investments   May grant financing and give guarantees or other security interests to real estate investments to cover any liabilities or contractual obligations of those real estate investments.
Real estate assets
• Type of assets
* Stabilised assets—such as office, commercial, residential, , industrial, logistics, retail, hotels, retirement housing, student housing mixed-use, alternatives and any similar asset class or combination of those.
* Development assets—such as land plots for the purpose of building or developing stabilsed assets.
• Countries   [details].[SG14][PdB15]
• Currencies of assets denomination   [details]
Liquid assets
• Instruments held   Cash or cash equivalents, including investments in money market funds, time deposits and regularly negotiated money market instruments with a short duration, government bondsand other bonds admitted to official listing or dealt on a regulated market, issued by first-class issuers and highly liquid.
• Main purpose   To ensure or enhance a secondary market in single asset funds. 
• Levels   May be held for 30 per cent of the partnership assets or less in normal conditions (typically around 10 per cent); temporarily for more than 30 per cent of the partnership assets—
* pending investment or reinvestment
* during ramp down and exit
* if market conditions justify it.
Non-permitted investments, instruments or techniques
• Short positions
• Securities lending 
• Repurchase transactions and reverse repurchase transactions.
Leverage
• Gross method   75 per cent
Commitment method   75 per cent.[PdB16]iv
• [SG17][SG18][PdB19]
Hedging
• Currency risk
• Interest rate (duration) risk.
Planning Your Investment
INVESTMENT SUITABILITY
Eligible investors. The partnership is suitable for you if you are—
• a professional investor
• part of the partnership’s management team.
Investor profile. The fund is intended for you if you—
• are familiar with and have experience in this type of product and strategy
• understand the risks associated with the fund
• seek long-term capital growth
• have obtained appropriate investment advice 
• can bear losses up to the amount you have invested.
The fund is not for you if you cannot sustain a long-term investment or losses associated with that investment.
FUND RISKS
Most relevant risks
• real estate
• real estate investments
• liquid asset
• counterparty
• concentration.
Other risks may also be relevant.
DEALING IN INTERESTS
Interests offered.   Limited partner interests (LP class).
Interests currency.   EUR.
Purchases.
• First purchase date   [date].
• Subsequent purchase dates   Each valuation day.
• Payment for subscriptions   By the applicable purchase date. 
Sales. Each valuation day, subject to available liquidity.
Transfers. To affiliates only. Subject to your notifying us of the transferee and our approval.
Valuation day[PZ20][MOU21]. Last day in each quarter.

Classes Available[PdB22][PdB23][PdB24][PdB25]
ClassISINClass 
currencyInitial 
issue priceInitial investment 
and 
holding amountPreferred 
returnCarried 
interest[LP EUR][•]EUR[EUR 100][EUR 500,000][•]%[•]%Charges and Costs[PdB26][PdB27][PdB28][PdB29]
ClassCharges taken from your investment (one-time)Charges taken from the fund (annually)Entry chargeExit chargeManagement fee Depositary fee (maximum)Administration fee 
(maximum)[LP EUR][•][•][•][•][•]




UNDERSTANDING YOUR RISKS
What to Know About Risk
All investments involve risk, and the funds face the risks detailed in this section. 
These descriptions aim to inform you of the primary risks associated with the funds, corresponding with the factors outlined in Understanding Your Investment. These risks may cause a fund to lose money, underperform compared to similar investments or than the markets in which it invests, to experience high volatility, or to fail to meet its objective. 
Although this prospectus highlights the main risks of the funds, other unforeseen risks could also affect your investment.
RISKS RELATED TO REAL ESTATE
The funds invest in real estate assets, directly or through real estate investments. You may therefore be exposed to risks associated with an investment in real estate assets, or in the real estate investments that hold these real estate assets.
The real estate industry is subject potential factors that can hurt the value or performance of real estate investments or assets due to various developments affecting the industry and property values. These risks stem from various economic, financial, regulatory, environmental, and management-related factors, and include—
• Changes in supply or demand. Shifts in supply and demand for competing assets in an area can influence property values, rental income, and occupancy rates.
• Economic conditions. General and local economic factors, such as employment levels, GDP growth, and consumer sentiment, can affect the demand for real estate and impact property values and rental income.
• Interest rates. Fluctuations in interest rates can influence real estate financing costs, property valuations, and investor demand for real estate assets.
• Mortgage financing. The availability and cost of mortgage financing can affect property transactions and the overall market.
• Overbuilding. An oversupply of properties in a specific market or sector can lead to reduced property values, rental income, and occupancy rates.
• Vacancies. Extended vacancies of properties can negatively affect rental income and property values.
• Competition. Increased competition in the market can lead to lower property values and rental rates.
• Property taxes and operating expenses. Increases in property taxes and operating expenses can erode the profitability of real estate investments.
• Zoning laws. Changes in zoning laws and regulations can impact property values, development potential, and investor demand for real estate assets.
• Uninsured or uninsurable risks. Real estate assets may face risks that are not covered by insurance, potentially leading to financial losses.
• Environmental issues. Costs associated with environmental clean-up or liability for damages resulting from environmental problems can affect property values and investment returns.
• Natural disasters. Events such as floods, earthquakes, or storms can cause physical damage to properties and result in financial losses.
• Management failures. Poor management decisions, including the inability to manage and successfully exit assets, can lead to underperformance or losses for the partnership.
Risks included in this section are generally present to some degree in ordinary market conditions, but also tend to be more present—and more potent—in unusual market conditions.
Broken deal expenses risk arises when a fund may need to bear some or all third-party expenses if an investment falls through. Real estate assets often require extensive pre-acquisition due diligence, including feasibility, technical and marketing studies, environmental assessments, and legal costs.
Construction and development risks involve various potential issues and uncertainties that may arise during the process of building or developing properties such as cost overruns, timeline disruptions (due to weather, labour shortages, or supply chain issues), contractor disputes, regulatory changes, zoning or permitting issues, design or engineering flaws, environmental hazards and market shifts. These risks can lead to increased expenses, reduced profitability, and project failures, affecting the overall success of real estate investments. 
Document risk refers to the potential issues arising from the complexity and interpretation of legal documents and contracts involved in transactions. This risk may include disputes over terms, enforceability, or ambiguities in the contracts, which can lead to delays, additional costs, or even the collapse of the transaction. In real estate, document risk is often higher due to the intricacy of the agreements and the multitude of parties involved.
Drawdown risk is the chance that an underlying real estate investment takes action against the partnership if it fails to satisfy a capital call by that real estate investment. The actions that a real estate investment may take against the partnership may be severe and may lead to the loss of the investment. 
Environmental risk is the chance that undue or reasonably avoidable adverse consequences of the construction, operation, and termination of a real estate asset on the environment are not appropriately prevented or mitigated. Real estate assets are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to environmental protection. Some of these might require that investments address prior environmental contamination, such as soil and groundwater contamination, which results from the spillage of fuel, hazardous materials, or other pollutants. Under those provisions, a current or previous owner or operator of a property may be liable for non-compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety requirements and for the costs of investigation, monitoring, removal, or remediation of hazardous materials. These laws often impose liability, whether the owner or operator knew of or was responsible for the presence of hazardous materials. The presence of these hazardous materials on a property could also result in personal injury or property damage or similar claims by private parties. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous materials may also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of these materials at the disposal or treatment facility, whether that facility is or ever was owned or operated by that person. A fund may be exposed to a substantial risk of loss from environmental claims arising in respect of the assets of the fund, and the loss may exceed the value of such investment. Furthermore, changes in environmental laws or the environmental condition of an asset of the fund may create liabilities that did not exist at the time of acquisition of an asset and that could not have been foreseen. For example, new environmental regulations may create costly compliance procedures for real estate assets.
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing risk Insurance risks is the chance that some events or circumstances are not insurable or not economically insurable.  Real estate assets are exposed to force majeure risks. If such risks materialise, the resulting damages and losses may exceed the value of the asset affected impacting the performance of the fund. Even though the owner of a real estate asset often intends to maintain comprehensive insurance on its assets, including physical loss or damage, business interruption and public liability in amounts sufficient to permit replacement in the event of a total loss (subject to applicable deductibles), there are certain types of losses, however, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and terrorism that may be uninsurable or not insurable at a reasonable cost. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, provisions in loan documents, encumbering properties that have been pledged as collateral for loans, and other factors might make it economically impractical to use insurance proceeds to replace a real estate asset if it is damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds received by a fund, if any, might not be adequate to restore the fund’s investment with respect to the affected asset.
Legal and regulatory risks include environmental issues, land expropriation and other property-related claims, industrial action, and legal action from special interest groups. Special interest groups may use legal processes to seek to impede specific real estate assets to which they are opposed. In many cases, real estate assets involve an ongoing commitment by a government body. The nature of these commitments exposes the owners of real estate assets to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses. The risk that a government body will repeal, amend, enact, or promulgate a new law or regulation, or that a government body will issue a new interpretation of a law or regulation, may affect an asset significantly. Court decisions and actions of government bodies may also affect an asset’s economic performance. Similarly, there is a risk that changes in the regulatory and legislative environments, such as the likelihood of a public inquiry or political opposition to rates or recoverable costs, may overturn the awarding, reduce revenues, or increase capital expenditure. The distributions received from investments may be affected by changes in tax legislation. These changes may reduce the level of cash flows received from investments. There is also a risk that an asset does not have all the permits necessary for its operation. Permits or special rulings may be required on taxation, financial and regulatory issues. Many of these licences and permits must be maintained over the life of the asset.
Leverage risk in real estate refers to the potential financial and operational consequences associated with borrowing funds or using financial instruments to magnify returns on real estate investments. While leverage can enhance potential gains, it also increases exposure to losses. Key aspects of leverage risk in real estate include—
• Increased volatility. Leveraging magnifies both gains and losses, causing the investment's value to fluctuate more significantly than if it were not leveraged. This can result in higher volatility and risk for investors.
• Interest rate risk. Borrowing funds to finance real estate investments subjects the partnership to interest rate fluctuations. If interest rates rise, the cost of borrowing increases, potentially eroding returns and making it more challenging to meet debt obligations.
• Refinancing risk. Leveraged real estate investments often require refinancing at the end of the loan term. Changes in market conditions, interest rates, or the property's value may make it difficult to secure new financing or result in less favourable terms.
• Debt service risk. Leveraged investments carry the obligation to make regular interest and principal payments. Failure to meet these obligations can result in penalties, foreclosure, or loss of the property.
• Reduced cash flow. The cost of servicing debt can reduce the property's net cash flow, limiting the amount available for distribution to the partnership or to reinvest in the property.
• Asset value risk. A decline in property values can exacerbate losses in leveraged investments, as the debt amount remains constant while the asset value decreases.
Liquidity risk is the chance that the partnership's investments become illiquid. Real estate assets, for example, can be illiquid due to unique geographical and market features, lack of an established market, limited disposal options or potential buyers, and legal, tax, regulatory, or contractual restrictions. Additionally, public opinion or political considerations can affect the disposal of such investments. Consequently, the partnership may struggle to sell or dispose of an investment at a favourable price, at the right time, or in response to market fluctuations, hindering the execution of a successful exit strategy. Furthermore, illiquid investments can be highly volatile and challenging to value.
Market risk in real estate refers to the potential impact of fluctuations in the broader property market on the performance and value of the fund's investments. These fluctuations can stem from various factors, such as economic conditions, interest rates, supply and demand dynamics, and investor sentiment. Key aspects of market risk in real estate funds include.
• Economic conditions. Macroeconomic factors, such as employment levels, GDP growth, and consumer sentiment, can influence the demand for real estate, impacting property values and rental income.
• Interest rates. Changes in interest rates can affect real estate financing costs, property valuations, and investor demand for real estate assets. Rising interest rates may increase borrowing costs and reduce property values, while falling rates may have the opposite effect.
• Supply and demand. Imbalances in supply and demand for real estate assets in specific markets or sectors can impact property values, rental income, and occupancy rates.
• Regulatory changes. Changes in zoning laws, building codes, or tax policies can influence property values, development potential, and investor demand for real estate assets.
• Investor sentiment. Market sentiment can drive fluctuations in property values, as investors' perceptions of market conditions, risks, and opportunities influence their buying and selling decisions.
Planning risk refers to the potential consequences arising from inadequate project planning or lack of diligent follow-up on planned steps, budgets, and timelines. It is commonly linked to budget risk, benefit shortfall, regulatory risk, resource risk, quality risk, and delays, potentially leading to project management failures and losses. This risk can arise when project managers are instructed to bypass management steps or validation requirements. In construction projects, planning risk also includes the early stages, such as obtaining necessary permissions from authorities. Delays in obtaining planning permission may result in extended timelines, losses due to abortive design costs, and possible contract termination.
Real estate investment risk refers to the risks associated with investing in or dealing with entities holding real estate assets. Real estate investments are private collective investment undertakings or special purpose vehicles—usually affiliates of the partnership—created to isolate financial and legal risk from the partnership. Private entities, unlike public ones, do not have publicly traded shares and are subject to fewer regulations. Some of the risks associated with private entities include—
• Limited transparency. Private entities are not required to disclose financial information to the same extent as publicly traded companies. This lack of transparency can make it difficult for investors to assess the financial health, stability, and potential risks associated with the investment.
• Liquidity risk. The equity interests of private entities are not traded on public exchanges, which can make it challenging to sell or liquidate the investment if needed. This lack of liquidity can lead to difficulties in valuing the investment and realising gains or losses.
• Regulatory risk. Private entities may not be subject to the same level of regulatory oversight and reporting requirements as public companies. This can result in a higher possibility of corporate governance issues, fraud, or mismanagement.
• Fee risk. Indirectly, the partnership bears the fees charged by those investments, affecting its performance. Consequently, this may lead to fee multiplication, as the partnership incurs costs at each investment level.
• Concentration risk. Private entities are often created to hold specific assets or engage in a particular transaction. As a result, they may have a concentrated exposure to a single asset or industry, making them more susceptible to market fluctuations and adverse events in that specific sector.
• Counterparty risk. There may be risks associated with the parent company or other counterparties involved in the structure. If the parent company or another counterparty were to face financial difficulties or default, it could negatively impact the private entity's performance and value.
• Legal and tax risks. Private entities may be subject to complex legal and tax structures, which can increase the risk of non-compliance or adverse tax consequences for investors. Additionally, changes in tax laws or regulations could affect the investment's performance or tax treatment.
Real estate investment style risk refers to the potential impact on the partnership’s performance or value due to the specific investment approach or strategy adopted by the partnership’s management team. Different investment styles or strategies, such as value-add, opportunistic, core, or core-plus, can expose the partnership to varying degrees of risk and return potential. Key aspects of real estate investment style risk include—
• Market cycles. Different investment styles may perform better or worse depending on the stage of the real estate market cycle. For example, value-add or opportunistic strategies might perform well during a market upswing, while core or core-plus strategies might be more resilient during a downturn.
• Asset types and locations. The investment style may focus on specific property types or locations, which could be more sensitive to market fluctuations or local economic conditions, increasing the risk exposure.
• Leverage. Some investment styles, such as opportunistic, may use higher leverage to boost returns, increasing the risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations, refinancing, and debt service risks.
• Liquidity. The investment style could influence the liquidity of the partnership assets. For instance, core properties are typically more liquid, while value-add or opportunistic assets might be less liquid due to the need for significant improvements or repositioning.
• Property management and operational risks. Certain investment styles, like value-add or opportunistic, may involve a higher degree of active management, redevelopment, or leasing activities, which could introduce additional operational risks and complexities.
Reputational risk is the chance that claims against the assets held by a fund—such as environmental, land expropriation and other property-related claims—may permanently impair the reputation of that fund and its perception by the public, thereby harming its relationship with regulators and investors. In addition, some types of real estate assets are very much in the ‘public eye’ and as a result, a fund’s activities may attract an undesirable level of publicity. In addition, pressure groups and lobbyists may induce government action to the detriment of that fund as the owner of the relevant real estate asset.
RISKS RELATED TO LIQUID ASSETS
Call risk is the chance that an issuer may exercise its right to redeem a fixed-income security earlier than expected (a call). Issuers may call outstanding securities before their maturity for several reasons (e.g., declining interest rates, changes in credit spreads and improvements in the issuer’s credit quality). If an issuer calls a security that the partnership has invested in, the partnership may not recoup the full amount of its initial investment and may be forced to reinvest in lower-yielding securities, securities with greater credit risks or securities with other, less favourable features.
Cash investments risk is the chance that the partnership that temporarily invests all or most of its assets in cash and cash equivalents for temporary defensive purposes rather than an investment strategy performs lower than other investments and fails to meet its investment objective.
Country/regional risk is the chance that domestic, regional or world events—such as political upheaval, financial troubles, or natural disasters—weaken a country’s or region’s economy or will set back the value of securities issued by government bodies or entities in that country or region. The value of the partnership’s liquid assets may be affected by uncertainties such as political developments, changes in government bodies’ policies, taxation, restrictions on foreign investment and currency repatriation, currency fluctuations and other developments in applicable laws.
Credit risk is the chance that the partnership could lose money if the issuer or guarantor of a fixed-income security, or the counterparty to a derivative contract, is unable or unwilling, or is perceived (whether by market participants, rating agencies, pricing services or otherwise) as unable or unwilling, to meet its financial obligations.
Debt securities risks include interest rate risk, income risk, credit risk, call risk, extension risk and to a limited extent, event risk. The level of risk may vary based on market conditions. 
Event risk is the chance that that an unexpected event, such as political, economic, or corporate events, central bank actions, sovereign credit rating changes, social occurrences, or natural disasters or pandemics can hurt the value of debt securities or their yields. These unforeseen events can cause sudden fluctuations in interest rates, inflation, credit quality, or other factors that directly influence the debt securities market. 
Extension risk is the chance that during periods of rising interest rates, debt obligations are paid off substantially more slowly than originally anticipated, thereby delaying the repayment of the principal to investors and as a result, the value of debt securities may fall.
Income risk is the chance that the partnership’s income from debt securities will decline because of falling interest rates. Income risk is generally higher when the partnership holds short-term debt securities and lower when it holds long-term debt securities. 
Inflation/Deflation risk is the chance that the partnership’s assets or income from its investments may be worth less in the future as inflation reduces the value of money. As inflation increases, the real value of the partnership’s portfolio could decline. Deflation risk is the risk that prices throughout the economy may decline over time. Deflation may hurt the creditworthiness of issuers and may make issuer default more likely, which may result in a decline in the value of the partnership’s portfolio.
Interest rate risk is the chance that fixed-income securities will decline in value because of rising interest rates; the partnership with a longer average portfolio duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than the partnership with a shorter average portfolio duration.
RISKS RELATED TO THE FUNDS
Bank resolution tools risks refer to the potential financial and operational impacts that may arise when regulatory authorities implement resolution measures to address failing banks or financial institutions. These tools are designed to maintain financial stability, minimise taxpayer burden, and prevent the spread of systemic risks, but may result in dilution of ownership, reduced or insufficient liquidity, or even or significant losses for the partnership.
Competition risk is the chance that the environment in which a fund operates is subject to a significant degree of uncertainty in identifying and completing investment transactions. There may be other collective investment undertakings that have similar or identical objectives that will target similar assets.
Concentration risk is the chance that the partnership’s performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of relatively few investments. The funds are not considered diversified and may invest a substantially all of their assets in a limited number of industries, sectors, or issuers, or within a limited geographical area. When the partnership invests a large portion of its assets in a particular issuer, industry, country or region, or a series of closely interconnected economies, its performance may be more strongly affected by any business, economic, financial, market or political conditions affecting the area of concentration. This can mean both higher volatility and a greater risk of loss.
Counterparty risk is the chance that a counterparty in a contract does not comply with its obligations, potentially resulting in delayed or partial payment or even non-payment of amounts due under the contract. There are typically contractual remedies that may be pursued under an agreement if a counterparty defaults, but these might not be effective if the counterparty is insolvent. While seeking to enforce its rights, a fund could experience losses, delays in liquidating the position, could be unable to make gains on its investment and incur significant fees and expenses in enforcing its rights. 
Currency risk is the chance that the value of a foreign investment, measured in the partnership currency, will decrease because of unfavourable changes in currency exchange rates. Currency exchange rates can change rapidly and unpredictably, and it may be difficult for the partnership to unwind its exposure to a currency in time to avoid losses.
Custody risk refers to risks that might affect bankable or non-bankable assets held by the partnership.
For non-bankable assets, custody risk stems from the registration, storage, management, and custody of assets that are not tradable or accepted by traditional financial institutions. Non-bankable assets include physical assets like real estate assets or real estate investments, which are generally illiquid and have unique registration, storage or management requirements. The risks stem from the possibility of loss, theft, fraud, mismanagement, or damage to these assets while they are held in custody by the depository or a third-party service provider. Additionally, the lack of standardised regulations and oversight for non-bankable assets can further increase the depository risk. 
For bankable assets, custody risk refers to the possibility that the depositary or its sub-depositaries’ becomes insolvent or performs poorly. A fund’s assets are generally held for the benefit of that fund on the depositary’s or its sub-depositaries’ balance sheet and are generally not comingled with the depositary’s or the sub-depositary’s assets. This protects the fund if the depositary or its sub-depositary becomes insolvent. However, because cash deposits are not segregated at the depositary or sub-custodian, these deposits would be at greater risk if the depositary or its sub-depositary becomes insolvent or unable to return these assets.
Defence, exculpation, and indemnification risk is the chance that a party to a contract shifts to another the responsibility for a loss. The limited partnership agreement and the services agreements contain provisions for defence, exculpation, and broad indemnification against claims arising out of a fund’s activities than would apply if those provisions did not exist. 
Distribution risk is the chance that the amount of a distribution in a distributing class exceeds the partnership’s net income. The difference may then have to be paid out of its capital, reducing value and potential for profits. Distributions out of capital may be taxed as income in certain countries even if they effectively constitute a return of the investor’s original investment.
Early termination risk is the chance that the partnership would have to sell its assets and distribute the proceeds to its investors if the partnership is to terminate early. If organisational expenses are not fully amortised, unamortised expenses will be accelerated and will reduce the amount available for distribution to investors. This amount may be less than the amount you initially invested as an investor. 
Forced redemption risk is the chance that we force you to redeem all your interests if we learn or suspect that those interests are held by or on behalf of a person that we consider a restricted person.
General economic conditions risk is the chance that factors such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws and national and international political circumstances affect asset prices, their volatility, or their liquidity. Deflated prices, unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair the partnership’s profitability or result in losses.
Key person risk is the chance that the performance of the funds may be hurt if one or more key persons cease to be involved with a fund’s management team. The success of the funds largely depends on the experience, relationships, and expertise of the key persons within the fund’s management team, which have long-term experience in the respective area of investment. Key persons might also have other businesses, including similar projects or investment structures, and not be able to devote all their time to the fund’s management. In addition, their involvement in similar projects or investments may be the source of potential conflicts of interest.
Investment fund risks refer to risks an investor would not face if investing in markets directly—
• Manager risk. The partnership’s performance may be affected by the skills and decisions of the fund management team. The partnership’s returns could be lower than expected if the fund management team underperforms or mismanages the investments.
• Concentration risk. The partnership focuses on a specific asset class. As a result, it may be more vulnerable to market fluctuations, affecting its performance.
• Operational risk. The partnership may face risks related to administration, system failures, or fraud, which could affect its value and performance.
• Liquidity risk. The partnership invests in illiquid assets, making it difficult to sell positions quickly at fair prices. This may hurt the partnership’s value and result in extensions of its life cycle.
• Fee risk. Management and operational fees can erode returns, especially in cases of high fees and poor performance.
• Regulatory risk. Changes in regulations may affect the partnership’s operations, investment strategy, or market access, potentially affecting performance.
• Counterparty risk. When the partnership makes investments, uses derivatives or other financial instruments,  it may be exposed to counterparties failing to meet their obligations, hurting its value and returns.
• Tax risks. The partnership’s buying and selling of investments may not be optimal for the tax efficiency of all investors.
Where the partnership invests in another collective investment undertaking, these risks apply to the partnership, and in turn indirectly to you.
Investment objective risk is the chance that the partnership’s investment objective does not align with all the investors’ risk tolerance, time horizon, or financial situation. While investment objectives indicate desired outcomes, they offer no guarantees. Market conditions and the macroeconomic environment can make achieving these objectives more challenging or even unattainable. We provide no express or implied assurance regarding the likelihood of meeting the partnership’s investment objective.
Investment risk is the chance that the value of investments and the income generated by them may go down—or up—and you may not get back the amount originally invested. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. You should regard the interests as a medium to long-term investment. Where the partnership currency varies from your home currency, or where the partnership currency varies from the currencies of the markets in which the partnership invests, there is the prospect of additional loss—or gain—greater than the usual risks of investment.
Legal risk is the chance of financial or reputational loss that can result from a lack of awareness or misunderstanding of, ambiguity in, or reckless indifference to, the way laws apply to the funds’ business, their relationships, or processes. Legal risk can arise out of defective transactions, claims being made or some other event occurring that result in a liability or other loss for a fund, failing to take appropriate measures to protect assets owned by the fund, or a change in laws.
Liquidation risk is the chance that you, as an investor in a fund, rank behind the fund’s creditors for the realisation and distribution of the fund’s assets if that fund is liquidated. As a result, you will normally only receive money from the liquidator once all fund creditors have been paid in full, if any proceeds of the liquidation remain.
Manager risk is the chance that the partnership's management team might make poor investment choices, asset allocation decisions, or ineffectively execute strategies, causing the partnership to underperform or fail to meet its objectives. Inadequate investment selection could also result in underperformance compared to similar funds. The partnership's success partially relies on its management team's ability to devise and maintain strategies that fulfil the partnership's investment objectives.
NAV suspension and delays risk is the chance that you may not receive the proceeds of your investment at the desired time or price if the partnership suspends the NAV calculation or defers redemptions.
New fund risk refers to the risks associated with investing in a newly established collective investment undertaking. These risks may include inexperienced fund management, unproven investment strategies, operational challenges, limited track record, low initial capital raising, and difficulties in attracting new investors. As a result, new collective investment undertakings such as the funds may face higher operating costs, limited diversification, and reduced liquidity, which may affect their overall performance and ability to meet its stated objective.
Operating deficit risk is the chance that the expenses of operating a fund exceed its income. The difference may then have to be paid out of its capital, reducing value and potential for profits.
Operational risk refer to the potential losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems, or from external events. Operational risks may subject a fund to errors affecting valuation, pricing, accounting, tax reporting, financial reporting, custody, and trading, among other things. Operational risks may go undetected for long periods, and even if they are detected it may prove impractical to recover prompt or adequate compensation from those responsible.
Personal tax risk is the chance that the tax consequences of your investment might be questioned or challenged by the tax authorities, or that a change in the tax laws that apply to you might hurt you after you have invested in a fund. We will not be able to consider the tax consequences for you.
Regulatory risk refers to the potential for losses or the inability to use an investment strategy as intended due to changes in regulation. The funds qualify as alternative investment funds and are subject to the laws and guidelines set down by the European Union, the European Securities and Markets Authority and the CSSF. As a result, the funds—
• may not be able to extract profits from their investments 
• may incur additional operating costs, which may affect the actual returns of the fund you are invested in
• may be subject to narrower investment restrictions which could limit their investment opportunities.
Although the funds are domiciled in Luxembourg, they are not subject to CSSF supervision, and all the regulatory protections provided may not apply. Additionally, the funds may be registered in non-EU countries and may be subject to more restrictive regulatory regimes without any notice to the investors in the funds concerned. In such cases, the funds will abide by these more restrictive requirements. This may prevent the funds from making the fullest possible use of the investment limits. 
Standard practices risk is the chance that investment management practices that have worked well in the past or are accepted ways of addressing certain conditions, become ineffective.
Strategy risk is the chance that the investment strategy used by a fund’s management team will not succeed.
Tax risk is the chance that the tax-exempt income from investments held by a fund, or a part of it, will be declared taxable, possibly with retroactive effect, because of unfavourable changes in tax laws, adverse interpretations by tax authorities, inability to reclaim foreign or domestic tax, or noncompliant conduct of an issuer. The investment fund manager may attempt to mitigate those risks by making provisions for tax on gains or income. This may affect the valuation of the fund’s investments. With the uncertainty over whether and how some gains are to be taxed, those provisions for taxation may be excessive or inadequate to meet final tax liabilities. 
Valuation risk refers to the possibility of a fund’s assets being inaccurately valued. Factors such as market trends, economic conditions, investor sentiment, and interest rates can significantly affect property values and investment opportunities. Incorrect valuations may result in unattractive disposals if undervalued, or limited options if overvalued. Inflation can also hurt property valuations. Some situations may require the investment fund manager to discount property values, potentially leading to conflicts of interest, as management and performance fees depend on investment values.



UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT POWERS
What to Know about Investment Policies and Restrictions
This section describes the types of assets and the techniques and instruments that the  permitted to use, and the applicable limits, restrictions, and requirements. Except where noted, all percentages and restrictions apply to each fund individually, and all asset percentages are measured as a percentage of that fund’s net assets. 
A fund’s use of an asset, technique or instrument must be consistent with its investment policy and restrictions. Since the terms of a fund may differ from the general information we provide, always rely on information in Understanding Your Investment over different information in the prospectus.
For a guide to interpreting key investment policy terms, see Understanding Investment Terms under Using This Prospectus. Also see Glossary at the end of this prospectus.
PERMITTED ASSETS
A fund may invest in any eligible asset in accordance with applicable law, but it has elected not to invest in some types of assets, or use some types of investment techniques and financial instruments. See Understanding Your Investment.
RISK-SPREADING
The funds do not comply with the principle of risk-spreading. 

LEVERAGE
Leverage is a way for a fund to increase its exposure to underlying assets generated by the instruments in the fund’s portfolio. Creating exposure is typically done by reinvesting borrowings or using financial derivative instruments or other arrangements. 
The funds may borrow to invest, or use derivatives or leverage their investments with brokers, banks, or other financial institutions on a secured or unsecured basis. The overall leverage of a fund depends on the investment strategies employed by that fund and specific market opportunities.
The investment fund manager is responsible for calculating the funds’ leverage in accordance with the AIFMD.
Leverage is expressed as a ratio (‘leverage ratio’) between the exposure of the fund and its net asset value. The leverage ratio is calculated in accordance with two methodologies under the AIFMD for calculating the exposure of the funds, the gross method, and the commitment method. Those methods are summarised below.
MethodDescriptionGross method Consists in calculating for each fund (excluding cash or cash equivalents)—
• the sum of the absolute values of all positions
• the sum of the equivalent positions in the underlying assets of all financial derivative instruments entered into by a fund in accordance with the conversion methodologies for gross exposure calculation 
• the exposure resulting from the reinvestment of cash borrowings where applicable
• the exposure resulting from the reinvestment of collateral in relation to efficient portfolio management transactions where applicable. Commitment methodConsists in calculating for each fund—
• the sum of the absolute values of all positions
• the market value of an equivalent position in the underlying asset or the derivative’s notional value, as appropriate
• applying netting and hedging arrangements
• the exposure resulting from the reinvestment of cash borrowings where applicable
• positions in repurchase agreements and securities lending or borrowing or other arrangements where permitted.See Understanding Your Investment for the expected and maximum leverage levels, types and sources of leverage permitted, and leverage risks.

BORROWINGS
The funds may borrow for investment and cash management purposes, such as to—
• purchase assets
• finance issuers
• satisfy redemptions
• make other payments.
To facilitate those borrowings, we may, among other things, enter into credit facilities with Tolaxis PLF, or with banks or other credit institutions, and pledge or give as security the funds’ assets.
LIQUID ASSETS
A fund may usually hold liquid assets up to [10] per cent of its assets, and occasionally more than that restriction if we think this is in the interest of the fund (including its investors), based on market conditions or investment opportunities.[PdB30][PdB31][PdB32]
DERIVATIVES AND OTHER TECHNIQUES AND INSTRUMENTS
We do not intend to use any instruments and techniques under the AIFMD or other applicable laws—such as derivatives, securities lending, repurchase and reverse repurchase transactions. 
Each fund’s usage must comply with its investment objective and policies and not increase its risk profile beyond what it otherwise would have been.
INVESTMENT BREACHES
Investment restrictions only apply at the time when an investment is made. If one or more restrictions are breached for reasons other than the making of investments —such as dealing in interests, or variations in the value of one or more investments— we will remedy the situation in the interest of the investors affected by the breach.
CHANGES TO INVESTMENT TERMS
We may change the investment objectives, policies, and restrictions of the funds with or without investor consent. 
We will notify investors affected by those changes. If those changes are fundamental, we will also seek the consent of a majority of investors affected by those changes.
What to Know about Risk Management
GLOBAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The investment fund manager monitors and measures the overall risk profile of each fund, including risks from direct investment, derivatives, techniques, and other sources in line with its risk management policy. 
Global exposure is assessed every day a fund calculates a NAV. Those assessments cover several factors, including contingent liabilities created by derivative positions, counterparty risk, foreseeable market movements and the time available to liquidate positions.
The investment fund manager reviews its risk management systems at least annually.
LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT
The investment fund manager maintains a liquidity management policy to identify, manage and monitor all risks relevant to the funds’ investment strategies and to which the fund is or may be exposed. The investment fund manager complies with the liquidity risk management requirements under CSSF circular 20/752 applying the guidelines of the European Securities and Market Authority (ESMA) on Liquidity Stress Testing in UCITS and alternative investment funds that are designed to assess the resilience of the liquidity profile of funds to a combination of—
• unfavourable market liquidity conditions
• anticipated outflows under normal and exceptional market conditions.
The goal is to assess how situations would be managed for the funds, under various market scenarios, and to help manage fund liquidity in line with the funds’ respective investment policies, liquidity profiles and redemption policies.
How the Funds Integrate ESG and Sustainable Investing
This section describes what environmental, social and governance (ESG) information is and how it may be integrated into the investment decision-making process. 
Considering ESG in real estate transactions is essential for long-term value creation and risk mitigation, as ESG issues can significantly influence investment performance and investors’ perceptions.
WHAT IS ESG
ESG issues are non-financial considerations that may positively or negatively affect a company’s or an issuer’s revenues, costs, cash flows, and value of assets or liabilities.
• Environmental issues relate to the quality and functioning of the natural environment and natural systems such as carbon emissions, environmental regulations, water stress and waste.
• Social issues relate to the rights, wellbeing and interests of people and communities such as labour management and health and safety.
• Governance issues relate to the management and oversight of companies and other investee entities such as board composition, ownership and pay.
ESG issues can erode the value of assets and limit access to financing. Companies or issuers that address these issues by adopting sustainable business practices seek to manage the risks and find related opportunities to create long-term value. 
When you entrust us with your investments, it is our duty to serve your interests by providing investment solutions that deliver competitive and long-term performance. Our commitment to responsible investment is a part of this duty. Responsible investing entails making better-informed investment decisions, addressing sustainability issues, dilemmas, and risks, and influencing fund portfolio companies through active dialogue to contribute to a positive outcome.
HOW WE INTEGRATE ESG
For all funds, we consider, in addition to financial criteria, ESG criteria which could enhance long-term risk-adjusted returns for investors, in accordance with the investment objectives and policies of the funds. As a result, we are willing to integrate ESG criteria into the investment process, but these factors will not determine the fund management team’s decision.
All funds incorporate sustainability risks alongside other risks in line with Article 6 SFDR when making investment decisions. 
The ESG data sources used to assess and monitor the sustainability risks are mainly companies’ public information, direct engagement with companies, financial press as well as external ESG data providers (if need be). 
At this stage, the funds do not promote ESG characteristics and do not have as objective sustainable investments as defined in Articles 8 or 9 SFDR.

UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS
Classes
This section explains how classes work and the various charges that you pay and how they work. 
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT CLASSES
We issue interests in different classes. 
General partner and limited partner interests. In each fund, we issue—
• General partner interests   Interests with full voting rights that only the general partner may hold
• Limited partner interests   Interests with limited voting rights that may be subscribed by eligible investors. 
Each class participates in the same portfolio of assets and incurs the same liabilities (except for those assets and liabilities that are attributable to a specific class) as the other classes in that fund.
All the classes come with the terms and designations, specified in this prospectus and the limited partnership agreement.
Terms. Each class carries different rights and obligations, and other features.
Examples of those terms include—
• currency
• investor eligibility
• investment or holding minima
• fees and charges
• allocation of income
• distribution policy
• liquidity
• voting rights
• reporting obligations.
Designations. Each class is identified first by a base class label (described in the table below) and then by applicable currency abbreviations. 
WHAT CLASSES ARE AVAILABLE
While any fund may issue any base class and configure it with any combination of the features described below, in practice only certain configurations are available in a fund. Also, some funds or classes that are available in certain countries may not be available in others. For the most current information on available classes, contact the investment fund manager.

Class Specifications
The information below describes all currently existing base classes and suffixes.
Minimum investment and holding amounts Base classEligible investorsInitial InvestmentAdditional InvestmentHolding 
AmountDistributionsAdditional 
featuresGPGeneral partnerOne general partner interestMay pay distributions out of earned income; 
distributions may vary and are not guaranteedVoting rightsLPProfessional investorsSpecified in Understanding Your Investment May pay distributions out of earned income; 
distributions may vary and are not guaranteed No voting rights 
except in limited circumstances
WAIVERS AND REDUCED MINIMA 
We may reduce or waive the initial investment, additional investment or holding amounts with respect to any fund, class, or investor.
If you are unsure which class you are eligible to invest in, then you should contact the investment fund manager or your intermediary.
For a definition of professional investor, see Glossary.
Costs
This section describes the various charges that you pay and how they work. 
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT COSTS
Costs are an important consideration in choosing a fund. That is because you, as an investor, pay a portion of the costs of operating that fund and any transaction costs incurred when a fund buys or sells assets in that fund. The charges you pay as an investor in the fund go to cover fund operating expenses, including distribution costs. These ongoing charges reduce the performance of your investment. Even seemingly small differences in costs can, over time, have a material effect on a fund’s performance. 
ONE-OFF CHARGES TAKEN BEFORE OR AFTER INVESTING
Charges taken at entry or exit. These charges (including rounding adjustments) are added to your investment, or deducted from your redemption. They are paid to sales agents, distributors, or other intermediaries. The fees shown are maximums. To find out the actual fee for a transaction, contact the investment fund manager or your intermediary.
1 Entry charge. Calculated as a percentage of the amount you invest; charged on your capital contributions; may be waived in whole or in part by the investment fund manager.
2 Exit charge. Calculated as a percentage of the amount you redeem (if permitted); deducted from your proceeds before payment; may be waived in whole or in part by the investment fund manager.[Pd33][Pd34]
CHARGES TAKEN FROM A CLASS OVER A YEAR
Charges taken in proportion to the NAV. These fees cover fund operating costs, including management, administration, and depositary. These fees and expenses are calculated for each class as a percentage of the NAV [PZ35]of that class[PdB36][PZ37][PdB38]. They are accrued at each valuation day and paid quarterly, and therefore reduce the performance of your investment.
These fees are the same for all investors in a fund and class.
4 Management fee. This fee is paid to the general partner and the investment fund manager for their services relating to the management of the funds’ assets. The general partner and the investment fund manager can vary this fee, at any time and for any period, to any rate between zero and the maximum specified.
5 Depositary fee. This fee is paid to the depositary and consists of a safekeeping and administration fee. The maximum depositary fee, not including transaction costs, is 0.08 per cent annually.
6 Administration fee. This fee is paid to the administrator in its capacity as administrative agent and registrar and transfer agent for a fund. The maximum administration fee is [•] per cent annually.[SG39]
Other fund expenses. Expenses not included in the management, depositary and administration fees paid directly by the funds and include—
• paying agents and country representatives fees
• audit fees and expenses
• legal fees and expenses
• ongoing registration fees, including translation expenses
• documentation costs and expenses, such as preparing, printing, and distributing the prospectus or any other offering document, as well as annual reports and investor statements and any other documents made available to investors
• formation expenses, such as legal, organisation and registration costs, which can be amortised over as long as five years from the formation date of a fund
• publication costs and expenses, for publishing interest prices, postage, and other means of communication.
How fund expenses are applied and used. All expenses that are paid from funds’ total assets are reflected in NAV calculations, and the actual amounts paid are documented in the annual report.
Each fund and class pay all costs they incur directly as well as a portion—typically based on their NAV—of costs not attributable to a specific fund or class.
These fees and expenses are calculated for each class as a percentage of the NAV of that class. They are accrued at each valuation day and paid as specified in Fund Descriptions.
Transaction costs associated with operating the currency hedged classes are borne by those classes.
All fees paid by the partnership are subject to VAT where applicable. 
OTHER CHARGES NOT INCLUDED ABOVE
Charges taken from each fund. Most operating expenses are included in the charges described above. However, each fund bears transaction fees and extraordinary expenses such as—
• marketing fees
• transaction fees—
* brokerage fees and other charges
* bank and interest charges
* expenses for operating hedged classes
* other transaction-related costs and expenses
• financing fees in connection with loans made to a fund
• taxes payable on the assets, income, and expenses chargeable to a fund 
• extraordinary expenses—
* interest and any tax or similar charge
* litigation expenses
* indemnification expenses
* liquidation expenses
* any extraordinary or other unforeseen expenses.
All these expenses are paid directly from the fund assets and are reflected in interest prices. As a result, different classes usually have different interest prices. 
Charges taken from real estate investments   Each real estate investment bears its operating expenses such as—
• sourcing, negotiation, acquisition or other similar fees[Pd40][Pd41]
• construction and development fee in connection with a real estate asset acquired by a real estate investment 
• financing fees in connection with debts provided to real estate investments
• valuation fees
• taxes payable on the assets, income, and expenses chargeable to a real estate investment
• extraordinary expenses applying to a real estate investment—
* formation expenses
* interest and any tax or similar charge
* litigation expenses
* indemnification expenses
* liquidation expenses
* any extraordinary or other unforeseen expenses.
REBATES
The investment fund manager may pay amounts it receives, or a part of them, as commission, retrocession, rebate, or discount to investors or intermediaries, based on the size, nature, timing, or commitment of their investment, among other considerations.

INVESTING IN THE FUNDS
Dealing in Interests
This section explains the basics of doing business with the funds.
Holding interests. You can hold interests—
• directly with a fund
• in limited circumstances, indirectly through an intermediary (such as a bank, a broker, a financial adviser, and a distributor).
If you are doing business directly with a fund, you should carefully read each topic in this section that relates to your relationship with the funds.
If you are doing business through an intermediary, you can use this information as well, but we recommend that you place all dealing applications through your intermediary unless there is reason not to.
Opening an investor account. Before you can make an initial investment, you will need to open an investor account with us. To do so, obtain and complete the application documents. Submit the completed application that is relevant to you (individual or entity). Submit all account opening documentation such as all required tax and anti-money laundering information as instructed on the application. 
When opening an account, you must provide all necessary information to identify you and verify your identity, and tax and anti-money laundering information as instructed on the application form. We may contact you to verify the information you provide or request additional information.
Note that some intermediaries may have their own account opening requirements.
Contacting the funds. Please contact us for current information. See Contact and communications.
INFORMATION THAT APPLIES TO ALL DEALS EXCEPT TRANSFERS
Available classes. Not all classes are available everywhere or to anyone. The information in this prospectus about available classes is as of the date of this prospectus. For the most current information on available classes, request a list free of charge from the investment fund manager or the administrator.
How to place an application. You can place applications to buy or sell online at [website][Pd42].
When placing an application, you must include all necessary identifying information, including the account number and the name and address of the account holder exactly as they appear on the account. Your application must indicate the fund, class, ISIN number, transaction size (number of interests or amount), type of transaction (buy or sell) and settlement currency.
You can place the application either as a currency amount or as an interest amount (including fractional interests up to three decimal places).
If you deal in interests as a currency amount, the number of interests dealt in is calculated by dividing the currency amount by the interest price (bid or ask price).. The interest price may be rounded to up or down to two decimal places. This rounding may result in a benefit to the fund or to you. The interest price applied for any transaction is shown on your contract note.
If your application is not accurate or complete, we may delay or reject it, and will notify you if we do so. We are not responsible for losses or missed opportunities associated with inaccurate or incomplete applications.
How we deal with your application. We will deal with your applications in the sequence we receive them in.
Cancelling an application. Once you have placed an application, you can withdraw it only before we have accepted it. Once we have accepted your application, you may not cancel it anymore. Please be careful when placing an application.
Dealing dates. You may usually deal in interests on any day that is a valuation date. Outside of these dealing dates, you may submit an application to buy or sell interests but there is no guarantee that we will accept it.
Settlement. We usually settle your application as of the date specified in Fund Descriptions. We are not responsible for any delays or charges incurred at any receiving bank or settlement system.
Contract notes. We normally send you a contract note on the business day after your application has been processed.
Dealing at unknown prices. We use a forward pricing model. This means that except for the first subscription date—during which the interest price is the initial price—the interest price at which we process any deal is not known at the time you place an application.
Currencies. We normally accept and make payments in the class currency. Payments can also be accepted and made in major freely convertible currencies. These will involve currency conversion, which may include costs. Currency conversion could delay the receipt of your sale proceeds.
Charges and costs. You are responsible for all charges associated with your dealings in interests. These charges are explained in Classes and Costs; they are specified in Understanding Your Investment. You are also responsible for paying any intermediary fees, taxes, and any other fees or charges associated with your dealing applications.
Electronic payments. We only accept and make electronic payments. We do not accept or make payments by cash or cheque.
Late or missing payments. The payment of a distribution or redemption to you may be delayed, reduced, or withheld if required by foreign exchange rules, other laws imposed by your country, or for other reasons. We are not responsible for late or missing payments, and we do not pay interest on delayed amounts.
Changes to account information. You must promptly notify us of any changes in personal or bank information, particularly any information that might affect your eligibility for any class. We will require adequate proof of authenticity for any request to change the bank account associated with your investment.
Exceptions and unusual circumstances. The language in this section describes generally applicable terms and procedures. See Rights We Reserve for a description of terms and procedures that may apply under unusual circumstances.
MAKING AN INVESTMENT
Be sure to check Information That Applies to All Deals Except Transfers before submitting a subscription.
Also refer to the terms which apply when subscribing for interests. See Understanding Your Investment. 
Admitting new investors. We admit new investors on—
• a subscription date
• a valuation day.
Becoming an investor. Once we have opened your investor account, you can select a fund through our platform and make an investment by subscribing to interests in the fund and class for which you are eligible.
Visit [website] to see which funds and classes are available. 
To make an initial investment, complete the online subscription agreement. Submit all account opening documentation such as all required tax and anti-money laundering information as instructed on the subscription agreement. 
Accepting or rejecting a subscription. We may accept or reject your subscription, or part of it. We will reject it if you are a restricted person, for instance if—
• you are not a professional investor
• you are a US person
• you are in breach of the law or a legal process
• your holding interests would affect us in any way. 
Paying for your investment. Once we have accepted your investment, we will debit your investor account and notify you within 10 business days of the amount that we have debited and the number of interests that you will receive. 
Failing to pay in time. If you do not pay for your investment in time, or if we are aware of a reason why you will fail to do so, we may treat you as a defaulting investor. See Rights We Reserve.
Registering your investment. Once you have paid for your investment, we will enter your details in the fund’s partnership register and from that moment, you will have all the rights and obligations of a limited partner in that fund.
Contributions in kind. We may accept a contribution of assets other than cash for your subscription. Depending on the circumstances, we may require an independent auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) to prepare a valuation report on the contemplated assets at your cost.
SWITCHING INTERESTS
Be sure to check Information That Applies to All Deals Except Transfers before placing a switch application.
A switch, also known as a conversion, occurs when the proceeds from the sale of interests of one class are used to simultaneously buy interests of a different class.
Switches at your initiative. Switches at your initiative are usually not permitted.
Switches at our initiative. We may switch your interests, or part of your interests—
• if you are a restricted person 
• if you do not meet the minimum investment amount in the class.
See Rights We Reserve. 
Processing switches. You receive the bid price for the old interests and pay the ask price for the new interests, both prices being those that apply to the valuation day on which the switch is processed.
When you switch into a class that has a higher entry charge, you may be charged the difference between the two entry charges. You are also responsible for paying all charges in relation to that switch.
You will own interests in the new class when the proceeds of the interests have been released by the class being switched out of.
Settlement extensions. We will process a switch only on the valuation days for the classes involved. This may mean a delay in processing your application.
Delaying or rejecting switches. We will not process your switch application until we have received and processed all documentation that we think fit at the time of switch.
We may reject your application if all the necessary requirements are not met in the [30] days of your application.
We will not be responsible if we defer or reject your switch application.
REDEEMING YOUR INTERESTS
Be sure to check Information That Applies to All Deals Except Transfers.
Redemptions at your initiative. Interests do not carry any redemption rights. This means that you may not redeem your interests at your initiative.
Redemptions at our initiative. We may redeem your interests, or part of your interests—
• if you are a defaulting investor 
• when we make a distribution to you
• when we liquidate the partnership or a class.
Processing redemptions. We generally pay the bid price for the interests redeemed in the [number] days/months of the applicable redemption date. 
We will pay redemption proceeds only to the investors identified in the partnership register, and only according to the bank account details on file for that investor account.
Settlement extensions. We may extend the payment period because of insufficient cash available, or other exceptional circumstances. If we consider it to be in the best interests of the investors, we may defer payments for up to a maximum of [number] valuation days. See Rights We Reserve.
If we apply these measures, it will not delay the processing of your redemption, but it might affect the timing of when proceeds are released to you.
Delaying or rejecting redemptions. We will not pay redemption proceeds until we have received and processed all documentation that we think fit at the time of redemption.
We will not be responsible if we defer your redemption.
We do not pay interest on redemption proceeds, regardless of the timing of payment.
TRANSFERRING YOUR INTERESTS
Transfers at your initiative. If you would like to transfer your interests, you must seek our prior approval and give us information on the proposed transfer and substitute investor. We will accept or reject the proposed transfer in the 30 days of your notifying us.
We will generally accept a transfer to another investor in the funds.
We will reject the request if—
• the proposed transferee does not meet the eligibility requirements or holding restrictions (including those that relate to restricted persons)
• the proposed transferee does not provide information and documents to comply with laws aimed at preventing crime and terrorism
• the transfer would have adverse tax or regulatory consequences for a fund or any partner. 
We may seek confirmation of the legal capacity and existence of the receiving investor.
If we accept the transfer, the substitute investor must accept to be bound by the limited partnership agreement. If the transfer process is completed to our satisfaction, we will record the transfer in the partnership register.
You are responsible for paying all charges in relation to that transfer.
Transfers at our initiative. If we learn or suspect that you are a restricted person, we will notify you and require you to transfer ownership of your interests to a non-restricted person within 10 business days from the notification, otherwise, you will be deemed to be a defaulting investor. See Rights We Reserve.
Your Obligations as an Investor
Paying for your investment timely. As an investor in a fund, you must contribute capital to the fund up to the amount of your investment. You must do so on such dates as we ask you in Understanding Your Investment.
If you do not pay the amount of your capital contribution in time, we may consider you in default and we may require you to pay interest on the default amount and all fees and expenses incurred by the fund because of that default. If you do not do so, we may sell your interests in the fund at a reduced price or forfeit them as we think fit, in addition to other remedies we may have in that situation.
Being aware of and complying with all applicable rules. As noted at the beginning of this prospectus, you must obtain the appropriate professional advice (tax, legal, investing) and identify, understand, and comply with all laws and other restrictions applicable to you or your investment in the fund.
Notifying us of changes in information. You must inform us of any changes in your personal or bank information. We will require adequate proof of authenticity for any request to change information held on record associated with your investment.
Informing us of changes in circumstances that could affect your eligibility to own interests. You must inform us of any circumstances that change or come to light that make you ineligible to own interests, put you in breach of the laws of any country, or create a risk of any loss for any fund, other investors, or any person associated with the management or operations of a fund. You must also inform us of changes to the statements you made in the subscription agreement.
How We Keep Your Personal Data Private
You, or persons associated with you, must provide information that is personal for various purposes, such as processing applications, providing investor services, and complying with applicable laws. 
We maintain a privacy policy designed to comply with applicable laws. The privacy policy is detailed in a privacy notice available at [•]. The privacy notice explains, among other things, how we process personal data about individuals who invest in the funds or apply to invest in the funds and personal data about the representatives and beneficial owners of entities. We may refuse a purchase or compel an investor to transfer or sell their interests if they do not provide the requested personal data.
We may update the privacy notice at any time.
If you would like further information on how or why we collect, use, disclose, transfer, or process your personal data or how you can exercise your rights in relation to personal data, please address questions and requests to the Data Protection Officer. Those details can be found in the privacy notice.
How We Protect Investors and Prevent Crime and Terrorism
You must provide information and documents to comply with laws aimed at preventing crime and terrorism, including money laundering.
IDENTIFYING YOU AS A CLIENT
New accounts. We are required by law to obtain information that we will use to identify you and verify your identity. If we cannot identify you, we may not be able to open your investor account. If we cannot verify your identity, we may, without notice, close your investor account or take such other steps as we think fit under the circumstances. Some investor accounts may require additional information before or after opening that account.
Existing accounts. We are required by law to verify your identity regularly. If we cannot verify your identity, we may, without notice, close your investor account or take such other steps as we think fit under the circumstances.
If we do not receive that documentation timely or the information provided is not adequate or complete, we may delay or reject your dealing application.
Issuance and Ownership, and Rights Relating to Interests
ISSUANCE AND OWNERSHIP
Registered interests. We issue interests in registered form only. This means that the investor’s name is recorded in the partnership register. When you subscribe to interests, you will not receive certificates, but a contract note instead.
Paid-up interests. You must pay up for your interests before we issue them to you.
Investing through a nominee vs directly with the funds. When you are permitted to subscribe to interests through an intermediary that holds them under its own name (also known as a nominee), that intermediary is legally entitled to exercise rights associated with those interests, such as voting rights. The intermediary maintains its own records and periodically provides you with information concerning interests that it holds on your behalf.
Unless the laws of your country prohibit it, you can invest directly with the funds, or through an intermediary that does not use nominee accounts, and in so doing you can exercise all investor rights. However, in some countries, a nominee account is the only option available, and you might not have the right to claim direct ownership from the nominee.
RIGHTS ATTACHING TO INTERESTS
Class Policies. Interests carry no preferential or pre-emptive rights. We are not obliged to give investors any special rights or terms for subscribing to interests. 
Voting rights. Limited partner interests have limited voting rights. Where permitted to vote, each limited partner interest gets one vote in all matters considered in a partners’ meeting or consultation with respect to the fund or class you are invested in.
Fractional interests. Interests are rounded (upwards or downwards) and issued to one 1000th of an interest (three decimal places). Fractional interests receive their proportion of any distributions, reinvestments, and liquidation proceeds.
Record date[PZ44][PdB45]. You are entitled to distributions or voting rights for interests you hold on the record date. 
Rights We Reserve
Subject to the limited partnership agreement, we may do any of the following as and when we think fit—
Delay or reject your admission as an investor. We can delay or reject your application to open your investor account or to subscribe to interests, or a part of your application. Because interests are reserved to professional investors, we may delay your admission until we are satisfied that you qualify as such. We are not responsible for any losses or missed opportunities because your admission as an investor has been delayed or rejected.
Require you to prove beneficial ownership of interests or eligibility to hold interests or compel you to transfer ownership. If we believe that you own interests for a person that is, appears to be, or is likely to become ineligible to own those interests, we may request you to provide information to establish eligibility or confirm beneficial ownership. If no information is provided, or if we consider the information provided to be unsatisfactory, we may either request that you transfer the interests and provide evidence of having done so or redeem your interests without your consent, on the next dealing day following notice. We may take these steps to comply with laws, to avoid adverse consequences for the funds, other investors, or any person associated with the management or operations of the funds. We are not responsible for any losses or missed opportunities because we force you to transfer your interests.
Close your account. We may close your investor account if you do not hold interests for more than [six] [PdB46][PdB47]months. We are not responsible for any losses or missed opportunities because your account has been closed.
Switch your interests. We may switch your interests into a class that is identical but has higher fees when your account does not meet the investment minimum for the class with the lower fees. We may also switch your interests into a class that incurs different charges if you are a restricted person.
Waive the investment minimum for a specific class. We may accept an application to subscribe to interests although you do not meet the minimum investment amounts.
Accept assets other than cash as payment for your subscription or fulfil distributions or redemption payments with assets other than cash. If you wish to subscribe or redeem interests in kind, you must obtain our approval in advance. The value of the subscription or redemption in kind will generally be certified by an auditor’s report. You must pay all costs associated with the subscription or redemption in kind—such as transaction fees and audit report expenses.
If we approve a redemption in kind, we will seek to fulfil the redemption with a selection of assets that closely or fully matches the overall composition of the fund portfolio at the time the transaction is processed. The value of the redemption in kind will be certified by an auditor’s report. You may have to bear the associated costs.
We can also request that you accept a redemption in kind. In this case, the fund will bear the associated costs, and you are free to reject the request.
Suspend or delay dealings in interests. We may temporarily suspend or delay valuations or deals in interests when any of the following is true—
• it would not be reasonably practicable to—
* dispose of investments under normal conditions
* determine the value of any asset or liability of a fund accurately
* calculate the NAV of a fund or class
• a partners’ meeting or consultation has been arranged to decide on, or the limited partners have been notified of, the liquidation or other reorganisation of a fund, or a class
• we think that suspending or delaying dealing in interests is in your interest as an investor
• the laws that apply to the fund require it or the limited partnership agreement for that fund permits it.
A suspension in a fund or class will apply to all deals in interests (except transfers) in that fund or class. It will not affect the valuation or dealing in interests in other classes or funds.
We will notify all persons likely to be affected by a suspension or a delay.
You cannot deal in interests if the valuation of the class or fund is suspended or delayed, but if you have placed an application, you may withdraw it during that period. Unless you withdraw your application, it will be processed on the first valuation day after the suspension is lifted.
Limit how many interests are redeemed out on a valuation day. If on a valuation day, redemption applications exceed the portion of redeemable interests outstanding in a fund, we may defer the excess to the next time redeemable interests are available. This is called a gate. See Fund Description for the gate that applies to your fund.
Similarly, we may defer redemption applications in exceptional circumstances that may harm investors’ interest.
All gated applications will be processed before later applications and in the application in which they were accepted unless dealing in interests is suspended or delayed, or the gate is further applied.
Close or re-open funds or classes. We may close or re-open any fund or class to further investment either from new investors or from all investors, for a limited or unlimited period without advance notice, so long as it is consistent with the interest of investors. This may happen when a fund reaches a size such that the capacity of the asset or the fund management has been reached and allowing further inflows would be detrimental to the performance of the fund. Once closed, a fund or class will not be re-opened until we believe that the circumstances that required the closure no longer exist. For information on the status of funds and classes, contact the investment fund manager.
Redeem or switch all interests upon receipt of a redemption application that would leave a holding that is lower than the minimum holding amount. If because of redemption, you hold less than the minimum holding amount for a class, we may redeem or switch the remaining position in that class. Any fall below the minimum holding amount owing to fund performance will not cause the closing of an account.
Cancel a subscription, forcibly redeem an investor’s interests or switch an investor’s holding to another class if it appears that the investor is a restricted person. This applies where it appears that—
• any investor, investing alone or with others—
* might not be an professional investor
* might be a US person 
* might be in breach of law or a legal process, or of their obligations under this prospectus or the limited partnership agreement
• such holding might—
* cause the partnership, or any fund, any investment, or any partner to be liable for anything which the partnership, that fund, that investment or that partner might not otherwise have been liable for
* hurt the fund, any fund investment, or any partner.
If we learn or suspect that you are a restricted person, we may cancel your subscription without notice at your cost. If you already hold interests, we will notify you and require you to transfer your interests to a non-restricted person within 10 business days from the notification, otherwise, we will redeem your interests or switch your holding to another class at your cost. We may also take action against you in accordance with the limited partnership agreement.
We are not responsible for any gain or loss associated with that cancellation, transfer, redemption, or switch.
Charge or withhold monies if we determine that the investor is a defaulting investor. If we determine that you are a defaulting investor, we may—
• charge you interest on the default amount
• cancel your application without notice at your cost
• seek payment for our costs and any investment losses, by—
* taking action against you
* forcefully redeeming your interests at a reduced price—generally 50 per cent of the interest price
* deducting the amount owed from any assets of yours we hold, including interests or payments you are due to receive from us.
Tax
This section summarises current law and practice in Luxembourg. It is subject to change.
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT TAXATION OF FUNDS AND THEIR INVESTMENTS
The funds are subject to general tax laws in Luxembourg. They are transparent for income tax and wealth tax purposes.
Because the funds qualify as alternative investment funds and their general partners hold less than 5 per cent of the funds’ interests, they are not subject to—
• tax on profits or income
• withholding tax on interest or other distributions
• stamp duty or similar tax.
The funds however do not benefit from the EU direct tax directives and do not have access to the tax treaties made by Luxembourg.
The funds may be subject to certain taxes in countries where it invests. Those taxes may not be recoverable in Luxembourg.
WHAT TO KNOW ABOUT TAXATION AND REPORTING OF INVESTORS
Taxpayers in Luxembourg. Investors whom Luxembourg considers to be residents or otherwise to have permanent establishment there, currently or in the past, typically will be subject to Luxembourg taxes.
Taxpayers in other countries. Investors who are not Luxembourg taxpayers are not subject to any Luxembourg capital gains, income, withholding, gift, estate, inheritance, or other taxes, with the rare exceptions of certain former Luxembourg residents and any investor who owns more than 10 per cent of the interests. However, an investment in a fund typically will have tax implications in any country that considers investors to be taxpayers.
CRS and FATCA. To comply with legislation implementing the automatic exchange of information to improve international tax compliance, we will collect information about investors and their identity and tax status, and will report this information to the Luxembourg tax authorities. Under Luxembourg law, the funds are reporting to Luxembourg financial institutions, and we intend to comply with the Luxembourg laws that apply to those.
You must provide all tax certifications or other information requested. If you are a reportable person (and controlling persons of certain entities that are passive non-financial entities) will be reported to the Luxembourg tax authorities, and by that tax authority to foreign tax authorities. Additionally, US persons are subject to reporting to the US Internal Revenue Service and may be subject to US withholding tax.
How We Allocate and Distribute Moneys 
INVESTOR ACCOUNTS 
We create for each investor—
• a capital contribution account where we will credit the capital contribution of the investor  
• an income account where we will credit or debit the net income or net income losses allocated to that investor 
• a capital account where we will credit or debit the capital gains and capital losses allocated to that investor.
ALLOCATION 
Profit and losses. We allocate profits and losses to the investors’ accounts in proportion to the investors’ capital contributions assuming that, apart from these profits and losses, all fund assets are entirely written off or on such other reasonable assumptions we think fit.
Expenses. We allocate fund expenses against income or capital as we think fit.
Adjustment between partners’ accounts. We can make adjustments between partners’ accounts as we think fit to make sure that fund expenses paid out of the fund assets from the commencement date are not affected by the date upon which a person becomes an investor.  
DISTRIBUTIONS
Income or capital distribution. At the end of each financial year or upon realisation of a fund asset, we will determine respectively the income or capital available for distribution after deducting or making provisions as we think fit. We may decide to distribute income or capital as soon as reasonably practicable. 
Repurchase of interests. Instead of distributing income or capital, we may decide to repurchase the interests of all investors in the same class in proportion to their capital contribution (to ensure fair treatment among these investors). 
Restrictions. We will not make distributions if there is no cash available, if the distribution would make a fund insolvent or might leave it with insufficient monies to meet expected liabilities.
Cash distribution, taxes, and no interest. We can make distributions—
• in cash 
• in limited circumstances, in kind.
We will make distributions net of income, withholding and similar taxes. We do not pay interest on income or capital allocated to an investor but not yet distributed.
Record date   You are entitled to distributions for interests you hold on the record date. We may carry out authentication procedures which could result in the delay of any distribution payment.
Liquidation
HOW TO LIQUIDATE A FUND
The liquidation of a fund requires an investor vote. Such a vote can be taken at a partners’ meeting or consultation.
The decision to liquidate a fund will be passed at a partners’ meeting or consultation where a quorum is participating and will require 75% of the votes cast and the consent of the general partner. 
The partners’ meeting or consultation will also designate one or more persons to liquidate the fund’s assets in accordance with Luxembourg law. The liquidators will distribute the net proceeds to the investors according to their entitlements.
The fund will bear the costs relating to its liquidation.
HOW TO LIQUIDATE A CLASS
Unlike the liquidation of a fund, the liquidation of a class does not necessarily require a partners’ meeting or consultation. 
We may decide to liquidate a class (with or without investor vote) if any of the following is true—
• the NAV of the class is so low as to make continued operation viable
• a change in the legal, political, economic, or social situation, or an economic rationalisation—such as an overall adjustment of fund offerings—justify the liquidation
• to do so would be in the interest of investors.
We may also arrange a partners’ meeting or consultation of the class to consider liquidating that class. No quorum is required for that partners’ meeting or consultation and the liquidation will be approved if it receives the majority of the votes cast at the partners’ meeting or consultation and the consent of the general partner.
If you are affected by the liquidation of a class, we will notify you before the liquidation takes place. Typically we will suspend the NAV calculation and will reject further subscription applications.
Investors will be paid the interest price as of the liquidation date. 
Any liquidation amounts that cannot be distributed to investors will be deposited with the Caisse de Consignation.
The affected class will bear the costs relating to its liquidation.
Merger and Other Reorganisations
HOW TO MERGE A FUND
A fund may merge in two ways—
• another collective investment undertaking merges into the fund
• the fund merges into another collective investment undertaking.
We may accept the merger of another collective investment undertaking into a fund with or without a partners’ meeting or consultation.
If we decide to merge a fund into another collective investment undertaking, we will convene a partners’ meeting or consultation. No quorum is required for that meeting and the merger will be approved if it receives the majority of the votes cast at the meeting and the consent of the general partner.
HOW TO MERGE OR REORGANISE A FUND OR CLASS
We will convene a partners’ meeting or consultation of a fund or class to consider a merger or other reorganisation. No quorum is required for that meeting and the merger or other reorganisation will be approved if it receives the majority of the votes cast at the meeting and the consent of the general partner.
If you are affected by a merger or other reorganisation, we will notify you at least one month before the merger or reorganisation takes place.

UNDERSTANDING PRICING AND VALUATION
How We Calculate Interest Prices
TIMING AND FORMULA
We calculate an interest price, also known as a net asset value (NAV), as of each valuation day as specified in the Fund Descriptions.
Each class has its own NAV. It is calculated using this formula—
(assets – liabilities)=NAVnumber of outstanding interestsThe NAV is calculated to two decimal places.
Each NAV is calculated in the fund currency and, where applicable, exchanged to the class currency.
We make provisions to account for costs attributable to each class, and for accrued income and gains on investments.
CALCULATION OF INTEREST PRICE, BID AND OFFER PRICE
Interest price. On a subscription date, interest prices are the issue price for those interests. On a valuation day, interest prices are the NAV for those interests.
Offer price. Interest prices may have added to them, as appropriate—
• an entry charge
• in some circumstances, adjustments to reflect fiscal charges and dealing costs. 
We calculate the offer price by adding those charges, if any, to the interest price. They are calculated as a percentage of the interest price. They will not exceed the levels shown in Fund Descriptions.
Bid price. Interest prices may have deducted from them, as appropriate—
• an exit charge
• in some circumstances, adjustments to reflect fiscal charges and dealing costs. 
The bid price is calculated by deducting those charges, if any, from the interest price. They are calculated as a percentage of the interest price. They will not exceed the levels shown in Fund Descriptions.
ERROR CORRECTION
If a NAV experiences a calculation error that exceeds a certain threshold (positive or negative), we will address it according to the NAV correction policy.
How We Valuate Assets
NAV CALCULATION
The NAV is calculated based, in part, upon the fair values of the assets in which a fund invests—
Real estate assets registered in the name of a fund or a real estate investment. Valued by the external valuer in accordance with broadly accepted valuation guidelines from the European Association for investors in Non-Listed Real Estate Vehicles (INREV) unless we decide otherwise in the fund’s interest (including that of its investors). 
Cash on hand or on deposit, bills and demand notes and accounts receivable, prepaid expenses, cash dividends and interest declared or accrued but not yet received. Valued at full value, minus any discount we think fit if circumstances make full payment unlikely.
Securities and derivatives that are quoted or dealt in on any stock exchange or traded in any other regulated market. Valued at their market value when reliable market quotations are readily available from the primary market on which they are traded. Generally valued at the official closing price, the last reported sales price, or if there were no sales that day, the mean between the closing bid and ask prices.
Generally valued at the most recent quoted price. Where these assets trade on more than one market, we will usually use the prices of the primary market.
Money market instruments and liquid assets. Generally valued at nominal value plus accrued interest or amortised cost.
Derivatives that are not listed on any official stock exchange or are traded over the counter. Valued independently in a reliable and verifiable manner daily, consistent with market practice.
Securities of investment funds. Valued at the most recent net asset value reported by the investment fund.
Assets or liabilities in currencies other than fund currency. Valued at the applicable spot rate (applies to currencies held as assets and when translating values of securities denominated in other currencies into the fund currency).
Swaps. Valued at fair value based on the underlying securities (at the close of business or intraday) as well as on the characteristics of the underlying commitments.
Non-listed securities, listed securities or any other assets for which no price quotation is available or the price determined according to the above methods is not representative of fair value. Valued in good faith at a prudent estimate of their expected sales price.
Any asset or liability not attributable to a particular class will be allocated in proportion to the net assets of each class. All liabilities attributable to a particular class are binding on that class only.
FUND RIGHTS RELATED TO NAV CALCULATION AND DEALING ARRANGEMENTS
Alter dealing arrangements, whether temporarily or permanently. If we decide to change the dealing arrangements permanently, we will amend the prospectus and notify you or seek your consent accordingly.
Apply alternative valuation methods. If we think fit, we can apply other valuation methods than those detailed above, such as—
• using other pricing sources
• valuing securities at either their bid or offer prices, given the prevailing market conditions or the level of subscriptions or redemptions relative to the size of the fund
• adjusting the NAV for dealing charges incurred by a fund
• using fair value methods.
We determine fair value prices in accordance with procedures adopted by the investment fund manager. When we use fair value pricing, we may use prices of securities that differ from quoted or published prices for the same securities.
We only apply alternative valuation methods when we think those methods are justified considering unusual market volatility or other circumstances. We apply fair value adjustments consistently to all classes within a fund.


ONGOING COMMUNICATIONS
Notices and Publications
KEEPING YOU UP TO DATE
We are committed to keeping you informed about your investment. Because of this—
• each time you deal in interests, we will send a contract note
• every year, we will send—
* an account statement to keep you up to date
* an annual report in the six months of the financial year end.
CHANNELS
We make materials available through the following channels—
Information/documentSentOnlineOfficeLimited partnership agreement•••Prospectus•••Subscription agreement •NAV•••Investor statements•••Partners’ meeting or consultations notices •••Other investor notices •••Contract notes ••Service provider agreements •KEY
Sent. Sent to you at the address on the register (physically, electronically, or as an emailed link if appropriate).
Online. On [website]. Limited partnership agreement also posted on RESA (www.lbr.lu).
Office. Available free upon request from the registered offices of the fund and the investment fund manager, or available for inspection at those offices.
‘Other notices’ include notices of prospectus or limited partnership agreement changes, liquidation, merger or other reorganisation of funds or classes, suspension of dealing in interests, and all other circumstances for which a notice is required. We will send you a notice where required by law or the limited partnership agreement. 
‘Service provider agreements’ include those with the investment fund manager, the investment adviser, the administrator, and the depositary.
Information on past performance appears by class in the investor and annual reports.
We make additional information available at the offices of the funds and the investment fund manager. This additional information includes procedures relating to complaints handling, the strategy followed for the exercise of voting rights of the funds, the best execution policy as well as the arrangements relating to the fees, commissions, or non-monetary benefits in relation to the management or administration of the funds.
INVESTOR MEETINGS AND CONSULTATIONS
As an investor, you can make decisions at partners’ meetings or consultations; decisions concerning your rights as an investor of a fund or class will be discussed in a partners’ meeting or consultation of that fund or class.
We hold an annual partners’ meeting no later than six months after the financial year end. 
We can call other partners’ meetings at other places and times; if any are scheduled, we will inform you by way of notices. These notices will include the agenda and specify the place of the meeting. They will indicate the quorum requirement applicable to the partners’ meeting. When no quorum is required, decisions will generally be taken if approved by a majority of investors that vote on the matter, with the consent of the general partner. You can vote in person, by proxy, by electronic means, or by ballot at partners’ meetings.
A partners’ consultation is passed as soon as investors representing the portion of capital required to vote on the resolutions, sign the written consultation.
To fully exercise your rights as an investor, including voting rights, your interests must be registered in your name, not that of a nominee or other intermediary holding interests on your behalf. 
If you are a restricted person or a defaulting investor (see Your Obligations as an Investor), we may suspend your voting rights (excluding your right to information) until the breach is cured. You may also waive your voting rights if you wish.
QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
If you would like to receive more information about the funds or wish to make a complaint about the operation of a fund, you should contact the conducting officers of the investment fund manager at—
[•][PdB48][PdB49]
Information for Investors in Certain Countries
The funds may engage local representatives or paying agents to handle transactions in interests in certain countries. In countries where a fund may offer interests, investors can obtain from these representatives at no cost a prospectus or other local offering document, the limited partnership agreement, and the most recent annual report. 
The information in this section is based on what we understand to be the current law and practice in the countries named. It is general reference information, not legal or tax advice.
Luxembourg. You may only invest in the funds if you are a professional investor.
Other European Economic Area (EEA) countries. The investment fund manager has submitted a notification to the CSSF to market the funds in various EEA countries in accordance with the marketing passport under article 30 of the AIFMD. You may only invest in the funds if you are a professional investor in those countries. Contact the investment fund manager to see if a class is marketed in a particular EEA country.
Switzerland. You may only invest in the funds if you are a qualified investor in or from Switzerland under the Swiss Federal Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 (CISA) and the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Ordinance of 22 November 2006 (CISO). The funds are not and do not intend to be authorised by or registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) under the CISA. Therefore, investors do not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA.
United Kingdom. The investment fund manager has submitted a notification to the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with regulation 59 of the AIFMD UK regulation. You may only invest in the funds if you are a professional investor in the United Kingdom.
United States of America. The funds are not available in the US or to US persons. This is because the interests are not registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any other US government body or entity. The funds do not intend to register under the US Investment Company Act of 1940. As a result, interests are not available to, or for the benefit of, any US person, unless we are satisfied that it would not constitute a breach of US securities laws.
US persons do not include any 'Non-United States person' as used in Rule 4.7 of the US Commodity Exchange Act. Consequently, US taxpayers, as defined for US federal income tax purposes, may subscribe for interests if they do not qualify as US persons.



STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS

Structure 
THE FUNDS
Special limited partnerships. The various funds subject to this prospectus operate as special limited partnerships. They have one unlimited partner (also known as general partner in this prospectus), and one or more limited partners (also known as investors in this prospectus).
The general partner manages the business of each fund. It is liable for all the obligations that cannot be met with the assets of the relevant fund.
The limited partners do not manage the business of any fund. They are liable only for the amount they invest or commit to invest in the relevant fund.
Alternative investment fund. The funds are alternative investment funds. The alternative investment funds managers law requires the funds to be managed by an external alternative investment fund manager registered or authorised in accordance with the alternative investment fund managers law.
Because they are managed by a licensed alternative investment funds manager, the funds must also comply with other requirements of the alternative investment fund managers law, such as—
• depositary duties
• asset valuation rules
• reporting requirements 
• asset striping rules.
Classes. Each fund offers interests in one or more classes. Each class has its own terms, which are specified in this prospectus. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER[PdB50]
NameTolaxis Luxembourg Registered office15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen, L-2411 LuxembourgLegal formPrivate limited company (société à responsabilité limitée)Incorporated[•]ArticlesPublished on [•] in RESARCS[•]Capital[•]Managers[•]The general partner determines and oversees the business of the funds. It has broad powers to act on its behalf, including—
• appointing and supervising the investment fund manager and the other service providers on behalf of the funds
• setting investment policies and approving the appointment of portfolio managers and investment advisers
• determining how and when to launch, modify, split, merge, or liquidate funds and classes, including timing, pricing, fees, valuation days, dividend policy and other conditions of those funds or classes
• determining how and when the funds will exercise any of the rights in accordance with this prospectus, the limited partnership agreement or applicable law, and making any associated communications to investors
• ensuring that the appointment of the investment fund manager and the depositary complies with the alternative investment fund managers law.
The general partner has delegated the day-to-day management and administration of the funds to the investment fund manager, which in turn has delegated some of its duties to the administrator and other service providers. The investment fund manager, under the supervision of the general partner, remains responsible for the delegated duties and acts. 
The general partner is responsible for the information in this prospectus and has taken all reasonable care to ensure that it is materially accurate, current, and complete. 
The general partner is liable in accordance with Luxembourg law.
The general partner may not be removed from any fund, except for cause, and in accordance with the limited partnership agreement.
The general partner may not transfer its interests or withdraw from any fund unless it is in accordance with the limited partnership agreement. 
Service Providers [PZ51]Engaged by the General Partner
THE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER [PdB52][PdB53]
Name[Alter Domus Management Company S.A.]Registered office15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen
L-2411 Luxembourg]Website[•]Other contact information[•]Legal formPublic limited company (société anonyme)Incorporated[4 January 2010]ArticlesPublished on RESA on [•]RCS[B150332]Regulation[CSSF]Capital[•]Board of directors[•]Conducting officers[•]The investment fund manager acts as the funds’ external alternative investment fund manager and performs, with respect to each fund—
• investment management services, including portfolio management and risk management in accordance with the funds’ investment objective, policy and strategy and investment restrictions
• administration services
• marketing and distribution services
• other services related to the funds’ assets, including valuation services.
The investment fund manager may delegate its duties, or a part of them, to third parties as long as it retains control and supervision of the delegate.
The investment fund manager has appointed—
• the investment adviser to provide investment information, recommendations and research concerning prospective and existing investments.
• the administrator to provide administrative services such as fund accounting and transfer agent services.
The investment fund manager may appoint agents to market the fundsinterests in any country where they are approved for sale.
The investment fund manager may also appoint other service providers; further details can be obtained from its registered office.
All the service providers typically serve for an indefinite period and the investment fund manager can replace them periodically.
The investment fund manager is subject to chapter 2 of the alternative investment fund managers law. It performs its duties in accordance with the alternative investment fund managers law and the investment fund management agreement. It is responsible for the performance of those duties in accordance with Luxembourg law.
To cover potential professional liability risks resulting from activities delegated by the funds to the investment fund manager, the investment fund manager holds additional own funds appropriate to cover potential liability risks arising from professional negligence related to its duties.
The investment fund management agreement is made for an unlimited duration. It may be terminated by either party with [three] months’ notice or as otherwise specified in the investment fund management agreement. 
THE INVESTMENT ADVISER
Name[•]Registered office[•]Website[•]Other contact information[•]The investment adviser—
• identifies and select investment opportunities 
• handles preliminary studies and due diligence on investment opportunities 
• analyses all actions the investment adviser think fit to carry out the investment objective and policy of each fund and make recommendations to the investment fund manager in that respect, such as—
* when and how a fund’s investments should be acquired, sold, exchanged, or otherwise disposed of
* what portion of a fund’s assets should be invested or retained in temporary investments
* when and how the funds should borrow moneys
• reviews the performance of the investments, identify areas of potential improvements, or seek divestment opportunities.
The investment adviser performs its duties in accordance with the investment advisory agreement. It is responsible for the performance of those duties in accordance with Luxembourg law.
The investment advisory agreement is made for an unlimited duration. It may be terminated by the relevant fund, the investment fund manager or the investment adviser as specified in the investment advisory agreement. 
Each fund pays the investment adviser the charges specified the investment advisory agreement.
THE DEPOSITARY
Name[Alter Domus Depositary Services S.à r.l.][PdB54][PdB55][PdB56]Registered office15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen
L-2411 LuxembourgWebsite[•]Other contact information[•]The depositary—
• maintains custody of the cash, securities and all other assets held in custody, and performs operations concerning the day-to-day administration of those assets
• verifies the ownership, and maintains an up-to-date record, of all assets held by the funds
• oversees all assets of the funds that are not held in its custody
• carries out the orders on behalf of the funds, and ensures that any sub-custodians or other delegates carry out these orders unless they conflict with Luxembourg law or the limited partnership agreement
• checks that each fund’s activities are carried out in accordance with instructions, Luxembourg law, and the limited partnership agreement; these activities include the calculation of NAV, the processing of dealing requests and the receipt and allocation of income and revenues to each fund and class, among others 
• [acts as paying agent of each fund].
The depositary must act independently from the general partner and the investment fund manager, exclusively in the interest of the funds (and their investors), and in compliance with the AIFMD-CDR. 
The depositary can, with a fund’s consent, deposit fund assets with third party banks, financial institutions, or clearing houses, and with sub-custodians, but this will not affect its liability. 
The depositary exercises all due skill, care, and diligence to ensure that any delegate can provide an adequate standard of protection. 
Where the law of a third country requires that certain financial instruments be held in custody by a local entity and there are no local entities that satisfy the delegation requirement, the depositary can delegate to a local entity, if the investors have been informed and appropriate instructions to delegate to the relevant local entity have been given by or on behalf of the fund. 
The depositary must use reasonable care in exercising its duties and is liable to the funds and their investors for any loss of a financial instrument held in custody, whether held directly or by any of its delegates or sub-custodians. The depositary shall, however, not be liable if it can prove that the loss has arisen because of an external event beyond its reasonable control, the consequences of which would have been unavoidable despite all reasonable efforts to the contrary. The depositary is also liable for any losses resulting from negligent or intentional failure to properly perform its duties, including all duties under alternative investment fund managers rules. 
Full updated details regarding the description of the depositary’s duties as well as information regarding safekeeping functions delegated by the depositary and the up-to-date list of delegates are available on request from the investment fund manager. For a current list of sub-custodians used by the depositary, go to [website[PdB57][PdB58]]. 
The depositary agreement is made for an unlimited duration. It may be terminated by any fund or the depositary with three months’ notice or as otherwise specified in the depositary agreement. 
Each fund pays the depositary the charges specified in the depositary agreement.
THE ADMINISTRATOR
NameAlter Domus Alternative Asset Fund Administration S.à r.l.Registered office15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen
L - 2411 LuxembourgWebsitewww.alterdomus.com Other contact informationadlux-aafa-cosec@alterdomus.comThe administrator—
• maintains the share register
• opens and closes investor accounts
• processes deals in shares
• provides documentation for these transactions to investors.
The administrator also handles the administrative work required by law and the articles. This includes—
• calculating the NAV in accordance with this prospectus and the limited partnership agreement
• keeping the books and records of the funds
• preparing the annual accounts, financial reports and notices, tax returns and other reports for the funds
• publishing the net asset value and interest prices
• providing a registered office to each fund.
The administrator performs its duties in accordance with the administration agreement. It is responsible for the performance of those duties in accordance with Luxembourg law.
For the purpose of allowing or facilitating the performance of the administrator’s services, the administrator may delegate, all or part of the performance of the services to group entites.
The administration agreement is made for an unlimited duration. It may be terminated by the partnership or the administrator with three months’ notice or as otherwise specified in the administration agreement. 
Each fund pays the administrator the charges specified in the administration agreement.
THE LEGAL ADVISER
NameDeynecourtRegistered office5, Rue du Fort Rheinsheim
L-2419 LuxembourgWebsitewww.deynecourt.comOther contact informationE contact@deynecourt.comThe legal adviser provides independent legal advice on business, regulatory, tax, and other matters related to the funds.
THE SWISS REPRESENTATIVE AND PAYING AGENT[PdB59][PdB60]
Name[•]Registered office[•]Website[•]Other contact information[•]The Swiss representative and paying agent represents the funds in its dealings with Swiss investors and complies with statutory reporting, publication and information requirements on behalf of the partnership.
When interests are marketed or offered in Switzerland or from Switzerland, the place of performance is the registered office of the Swiss representative; the place of jurisdiction is at the registered office of the Swiss representative or at the registered office or place of residence of the investor.
Qualified investors in Switzerland may obtain the fund documents free of charge from the Swiss representative and from the investment fund manager.
Qualified investors in Switzerland may deal in interests through the Swiss paying agent. A handling commission will be charged by the paying agent and deducted from the subscription or redemption amount paid or received. If a subscription or redemption is made through the paying agent, instructions and money must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing date.
THE DISTRIBUTORS
The investment fund manager may appoint other agents that market, sell, or distribute interests in various countries. A distributor may in turn, under certain conditions, appoint one or more sub-distributors. In some countries, use of an agent is mandatory, and the agent may not merely facilitate dealing in interests but may also act as a nominee. 
The nominee then will hold your interests in its name for and on your behalf, which may affect your rights as an investor. You may claim direct title to the interests and give the nominee with specific or general voting instructions at partners’ meetings or consultations. 
THE AUDITOR[PdB61][PdB62]
Name[•]Registered office[•]Website[•]Other contact information[•]The partners appoint the auditor, usually at the annual partners’ meeting. The auditor independently reviews the financial statements of the funds and the operations of the funds once a year. 
Partnership Policies
CONDUCT POLICIES
Conflicts of interest. An investment in a fund is subject to actual or potential conflicts of interest. 
The general partner and the investment fund manager maintain policies and procedures designed to prevent, limit, and mitigate conflicts of interest. These policies and procedures are designed to comply with applicable law where the activities that give rise to conflicts of interest are limited or prohibited by law unless an exception is available. The general partner and the investment fund manager report to the funds any material conflicts of interest that cannot be managed. 
The general partner and the investment fund manager provide a variety of different services to each fund, for which the fund compensates them. As a result, the general partner and the investment fund manager have an incentive to make arrangements with the fund, and face conflicts of interest when balancing that incentive against the interest of the fund. The investment fund manager, together with persons to whom it delegates responsibility for portfolio management, also face conflicts of interest in their service as portfolio manager to other funds or clients, and, on occasion, make investment decisions that differ from or hurt those made on behalf of a fund.
In addition, affiliates of the general partner may provide a broad range of services and products to their clients and are participants in the markets in which a fund invests or will invest. In certain circumstances by providing services and products to their clients, those activities may disadvantage or restrict the fund or benefit these affiliates.
The depositary may not conduct activities for any fund that may create conflicts of interest between the fund (or its investors) and the depositary itself, unless it has properly identified these potential conflicts of interest, has functionally and hierarchically separated the performance of its depositary tasks from its other potentially conflicting tasks, and the potential conflicts of interest are properly identified, managed, monitored, and disclosed to investors.
Other service providers, such as the administrator, could have potential conflicts of interest with a fund, the general partner, or the investment fund manager. In those cases, the investment fund manager seeks to identify, manage and, where necessary, prohibit any action or transaction that could pose a conflict between the interests of, for example, the investment fund manager and the investors, or a fund and other clients. The investment fund manager strives to manage any conflicts in a manner consistent with the highest standards of integrity and fair dealing. 
The general partner and the investment fund manager may also acquire material non-public information that would negatively affect the fund’s ability to transact in assets affected by such information. 
For more information about conflicts of interest, see [•][PdB63].
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT POLICIES
Remuneration. The investment fund manager has a remuneration policy that is designed to—
• contribute to the achievement of short-term and long-term strategic and operational objectives at the same time avoiding excessive risk-taking inconsistent with the risk management strategy 
• provide a balanced total remuneration package made up of a mix of fixed and variable components including base salary, cash incentives and long-term, equity based or fund-tracking incentives that vest over time 
• promote proper governance and regulatory compliance.
Key elements of the policy are intended to—
• tie remuneration of employees to long-term performance and align it with investors’ interests 
• encourage a shared success culture amongst employees
• attract and retain talented individuals
• integrate risk management and remuneration
• have no remuneration privileges or non-performance-based remuneration
• maintain strong governance around remunerations practices
• avoid conflicts of interest.
The policy applies to identified staff, including employees whose professional activities materially affect the risk profile of the investment fund manager or a fund, includes a description of how remuneration and benefits are calculated, and sets out the responsibilities for awarding remuneration and benefits, including the composition of the committee that oversees and controls the policy. 
Best execution. While the investment fund manager, as part of its obligations to act in the interests of the funds (and their investors), must place portfolio transactions with the counterparty who offers the best execution, it has some flexibility in determining what ‘best execution’ means.
For example, the fund’s management team can choose a particular counterparty if they reasonably believe that the counterparty’s commission is reasonable considering the value of certain goods or services furnished by the counterparty, and that the goods and services enhance the quality of the service.
Voting of portfolio securities. We have delegated the right to make all decisions about exercising voting rights on securities held in the funds to the investment fund manager.
Policies available. A copy of the remuneration policy is available at [•][PdB64][PdB65]. A summary of the other policies is available free of charge from the investment fund manager.



GLOSSARY
Defined Terms
The terms we use in this prospectus are defined as follows—
administration agreement the agreement made between a fund, the investment fund manager, and the administrator to provide the services of administrative agent and registrar and transfer agent to the fund.
administrator the entity that serves as administrative agent, and registrar and transfer agent of the fund.
affiliate in relation to a person, any person directly or indirectly exercising control over, under the control of, or under common control with, that other person.
AIFMD Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and amending Directives 2003/41/EC and 2009/65/EC and Regulations (EC) No 1060/2009 and (EU) No 1095/2010.
AIFMD-CDR the Commission-delegated Regulation (EU) No 231/2013 of 19 December 2012 supplementing Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to exemptions, general operating conditions, depositaries, leverage, transparency and supervision.
alternative investment fund an alternative investment fund under the alternative investment fund managers law.
alternative investment fund manager an alternative investment fund manager under the alternative investment fund managers law.
alternative investment fund managers law the Luxembourg law of 12 July 2013 on alternative investment funds managers.
alternative investment fund managers rules any government body regulation that applies to an alternative investment fund manager.
annual report the annual report on the activities and finances of a fund.
auditor the independent auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) appointed by the general partner.
benchmark an index or rate, or a combination of indices or of rates, specified as being a point of reference for a fund. 
business day a day on which banks are generally open for business in Luxembourg during the whole day (excluding Saturdays and Sundays and public holidays).
Caisse de Consignation the Luxembourg government agency responsible for safekeeping unclaimed assets. 
capital contribution in relation to an investor, the amount contributed by that investor to the capital of the partnership.
cause with respect to the general partner—
• fraud (fraude), intentional misconduct (dol), or reckless negligence (faute lourde) that has a material adverse effect on the partnership, each time in connection with the conduct of the partnership’s business, as determined by a final order of a court of competent jurisdiction that cannot be appealed
• any material breach of law, a court order, or this agreement that has not been cured and has a material adverse effect on the partnership
• the dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency, suspension of payments, administration, or involuntary reorganisation of the general partner.
class a class (catégorie) of interests of the partnership under the companies law.
class currency the currency in which a class is denominated, which may or may not be the same as the fund currency. 
collective investment undertakings law the Luxembourg law of 17 December 2010 on collective investment undertakings. 
companies law the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies.
control in respect of a person, the ability, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise (including by being an officer or director of the person in question), to exercise decision-making authority over the major management and policy decisions of that person (which may be subject to the approval rights of other persons with respect to certain major decisions regarding that person).
CSSF the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the Luxembourg supervisory authority of the financial sector.
data controller a data controller as defined by the data protection law.
data processor a data processor as defined by the data protection law.
data protection law the Luxembourg law of 1 August 2018 establishing the National Commission for Data Protection and implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
defaulting investor an investor or a subscriber who does not—
• pay the amount of their capital contribution or part of it when asked to do so by the general partner,
• disclose such information, provide such documents, or make such statements as the general partner thinks fit to—
* determine that such person is not a restricted person 
* comply with its obligations under applicable law
• otherwise comply with their obligations under the limited partnership agreement or this prospectus.
depositary the entity with overall responsibility for the safekeeping and oversight of the assets of the partnership.
depositary agreement the agreement made between the partnership, the investment fund manager, and the depositary.
distributor any person or entity appointed by the investment fund manager to distribute or arrange for the marketing and distribution of interests.
eligible investor a person that is—
• a professional investor
• not a restricted person. 
EMIR Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories.
entry fee the fee which may be levied or paid upon subscription of interests in a fund.
ESMA the European Securities and Markets Authority, an independent EU authority that contributes to safeguarding the stability of the EU’s financial system by ensuring the integrity, transparency, efficiency, and orderly functioning of securities markets, as well as enhancing investor protection.
EU member state a member state of the European Union. 
exit fee the fee which the partnership may charge on a redemption of interests.
financial year the partnership’s fiscal year.
forward pricing a price calculated at the valuation date at which all dealing requests in interests must be received. 
fund a separate special limited partnership which is invested in accordance with a specific investment objective and policy, the specifications of which are described in the Fund Descriptions.
fund currency the currency in which the fund calculates its net asset value.
general partner Tolaxis Luxembourg, the holder of the general partners interests, and the general partner and manager of the partnership.
general partner interest a voting interest that may only be held by the general partner with the designations, rights and obligations specified in the prospectus or the limited partnership agreement.
government body—
• the government of any country or any political subdivision of any country
• any instrumentality of any such government
• any other individual, entity, or organisation authorised by law to perform any executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory, administrative, military, or police functions of any such government
• any intergovernmental organisation.
interest a general partner interest or a limited partner interest, or both, issued in a class, and includes the relevant partner’s financial, political, information, or other rights of that partner in the partnership under this prospectus, the limited partnership agreement or the law on commercial companies.
investment fund manager the entity with overall responsibility for management and administration and domiciliation of the partnership, and the marketing of its interests. 
investment fund management agreement the alternative investment fund manager services agreement made between the partnership and the investment fund manager.
investor a registered holder of interests.
limited partner a person who is admitted to the partnership as a limited partner (associé commanditaire).
limited partnership agreement the limited partnership agreement of the partnership.
manager a member of the board of managers of the general partner.
MiFID II Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU.
minimum holding amount the amount specified in Understanding Your Investment as the minimum value or number of interests which an investor must hold.
minimum investment amount the amount specified in Understanding Your Investment as the minimum amount which an investor must pay when committing to subscribe to interests if that investor does not hold interests of that class.
minimum additional investment amount the amount specified in Understanding Your Investment as the minimum amount which an investor must pay when committing to subscribe to additional interests.
net asset value (NAV) the net asset value of a fund, a class, or an interest.
OECD the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, an intergovernmental economic organisation with 35 member countries. 
partners’ consultation a regularly constituted written consultation of the partners in a fund, or in a class.
partners’ meeting a regularly constituted meeting of the partners in a fund or a class.
person an individual, an entity, or a government body.
personal data any personal data (as defined in Data protection law) provided in connection with an investment into the partnership and which include personal data of an investor or a potential investor or, that of their representatives, or legal or beneficial owners.
portfolio manager an entity that performs the investment management duties for another entity. 
PRIIP a packaged retail and insurance-based investment product under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PRIIPS KID a key information document for PRIIPs, a three-page, legally required precontractual document describing in brief the objectives, policies, risks, costs, past performance, and other relevant information for a class in a fund.
PRIIPS Regulation Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products.
privacy policy the privacy policy issued by the investment fund manager on behalf of the partnership.
professional investor a person who qualifies as a professional client or may on request be treated as a professional client in accordance with Annex III of the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on credit institutions and other professionals of the financial sector.
prospectus this document.
RCS the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg’s central electronic platform for company and business details.
redemption application a written request of an investor to redeem all or part of their holding of interests.
regulated market a market that meets the requirements stated in item 21 of article 4 of MiFID II as well as any other market in an eligible state which is regulated, operates regularly, and is recognised and open to the public.
representative with respect to a person, any of that person’s directors, officers, employees, delegates, agents, consultants, advisers, and other representatives where applicable.
RESA the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et Associations, Luxembourg’s central electronic platform for official publications.
restricted person a person—
• who is not a professional investor
• who is a US person
• who is in breach of law or a legal process
• who is in breach of their obligations under this prospectus or the limited partnership agreement
• whose holding might—
* cause any fund, any investment, or any partner to be liable for anything which that fund, that investment or that partner might not otherwise have been liable for
* otherwise negatively affect the partnership, any fund, any investment, or any partner.
risk management policy the risk management policy established by the investment fund manager specifying the risk management systems that are implemented by the investment fund manager to identify, measure, manage and monitor appropriately all risks relevant to the funds (including their investors).
service provider the investment fund manager, the investment adviser, the depositary, the administrator, or any other person who provides services to the partnership.
SFDR Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector
SFTR Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and amending Regulation (EU) 648/2012.
SICAV a société d’investissement à capital variable (investment company with variable capital).
single asset fund any of the Tolaxis SAFs, a collection of Luxembourg special limited partnerships holding one real estate asset. 
subscription the amount committed by an investor to the partnership (and accepted by the general partner) as determined in that investor’s subscription agreement and which covers that investors capital contribution  and, in some cases, an undrawn amount.
subscription agreement the agreement specifying the terms under which a person intends to invest or invests in the partnership.
subscription date any date at which subscribers may be admitted to a fund.
switch application a written request of an investor to convert all or part of their holding of interests. 
Taxonomy Regulation Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending SFDR.
US the United States of America, including its territories and possessions.
US person a person that is a US person for purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act and CFTC Rule 4.7 or a US resident within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, which includes any natural person who is a resident of the United States, any partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States, any estate of which any executor or administrator is a US person and the income of such estate is subject to United States income tax regardless of source, any trust of which any trustee is a US person and the income of such trust is subject to United States income tax regardless of source and any other US person that is a US person or US resident for purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act, the Investment Company Act and CFTC Rule 4.7.
valuation day [PZ66][MOU67][PdB68][PdB69][PZ70]a day as of which the interest price is calculated.
General Investment Terms
The definitions below are primarily for your information. They may help you find a general description of common securities, techniques, and other terms.
bond a loan, usually to a company or government body, that is incorporated in a security and pays interest.
cash equivalent a security that can be readily converted into cash, such as a treasury bill or other short-term government bond, a bank certificate of deposit or a money market instrument or fund.
collateral assets provided by a borrower as security to the lender if the borrower fails to meet its obligations.
collective investment undertaking an investment fund.
common reporting standard (CRS) the standard for the annual automatic exchange of financial account information, which has been implemented in Luxembourg by the law of 18 December 2015 on the automatic exchange of tax information of financial accounts implementing the common reporting standard.
counterparty a financial institution providing services or acting as a party to derivatives or other instruments or transactions.
derivative an instrument or private contract whose value is based on the value and characteristics of one or more reference assets, such as a security, an index or an interest rate; a small movement in the value of the reference asset can cause a large movement in the value of the derivative.
diversified in connection with a fund, investing in a wide variety of companies or securities.
duration a measure of the sensitivity of a debt security or a portfolio to changes in interest rates. An investment with a duration of 1 year can be expected to decline 1 per cent in value with every 1 per cent rise in interest rates.
environmental, social and governance (ESG) non-financial considerations affecting an issuer such as carbon emissions and environmental regulations, accounting and tax policies, disclosure and investor communication, investor rights and remuneration policies.
equity-related security a security that provides indirect ownership or results in the acquisition of equity; includes warrants, depositary receipts, convertible securities, index and participation notes and equity-linked notes.
exchange-traded fund (ETF) an investment that represents a pool of securities—typically one that tracks the performance of an index—and which is traded on a stock exchange.
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) a US law which requires that foreign financial institutions and certain other non-financial foreign entities report on the foreign assets held by their US account holders or be subject to withholding on withholdable payments and which has been implemented in Luxembourg by the law of 24 July 2015 on FATCA.
government bond a bond issued or guaranteed by a government body; this would include any bank, financial institution, or corporate entity whose capital is guaranteed to maturity by a government body.
issue price, bid price and ask price interests of each class are issued at their issue price, or at the ask price of such class determined on the valuation day in accordance with the relevant provisions under Calculation of Bid and Ask Price; on limited occasions, investors may request redemptions of their interests at the bid price of the relevant class determined on the applicable valuation day under Calculation of Bid and Ask Price. 
leverage any method by which the exposure of a fund is increased through borrowing of cash or securities, or leverage embedded in derivative position or by any other means.
liquid assets cash or cash equivalents, including investments in shares or units of money market funds, time deposits and regularly negotiated money market instruments the remaining maturity of which is less than 12 months, treasury bills and bonds issued by a government body in OECD countries or by a supranational government body, as well as bonds admitted to official listing or dealt on a regulated market, issued by first-class issuers and highly liquid.
liquidity the extent to which an asset can be bought or sold in the market without significantly affecting the asset’s price or the time required to find a buyer or a seller.
maturity the amount of time remaining before a bond is due to be repaid.
money market fund a collective investment undertaking whose policy is to invest in money market instruments.
money market instrument a financial instrument that is liquid and has a value that can be accurately determined at any time, and that meets certain credit quality and maturity requirements.
real estate asset—
• properties consisting of land and buildings
• property development projects
• rights related to properties, such as surface ownership, leasehold, options on real estate properties, and other property-like real estate right
• any other meaning given to the term under Luxembourg law.
real estate investment any entity having separate legal personality or not, listed or not, regulated or not, established in any country for the purpose of investing —directly or indirectly— in, or financing any real estate asset or any right on one or more real estate assets in accordance with this agreement, and includes affiliates of the partnership, and parallel funds, underlying funds, feeder funds, and other collective investment undertakings.
rating agency an independent organisation that rates the creditworthiness of debt security issuers, such as Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s, and Fitch.
repurchase transaction the sale of securities and the simultaneous commitment to buy the securities back at an agreed price on an agreed date.
reverse repurchase transaction the purchase of securities and the simultaneous commitment to sell the securities back at an agreed price on an agreed date.
securities lending a transaction by which a lender transfers securities subject to a commitment that a borrower will return equivalent securities on a stated future date or on request by the lender.
security a negotiable instrument representing financial value; includes equities, bonds, and money market instruments, as well as futures, options, warrants and other negotiable securities which carry the right to acquire other transferable securities by subscription or exchange.
swap a derivative contract in which one party exchanges (or swaps) the values or cash flows of one asset—usually fixed—for another—usually variable—for a determined period. 
time deposit a deposit held in a financial institution, usually a bank, for a certain period.
volatility the statistical measure of the variation of price for a given security or fund; commonly, the higher the volatility, the riskier the security or fund.


NEXT STEPS

Contact us at—



The Tolaxis Single Asset Funds 
15, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen
L-2411 Luxembourg 

[•]












This prospectus has been prepared by



for 


TOLAXIS LOGO









NOT SUBJECT TO SUPERVISION BY ANY SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY IN LUXEMBOURG OR ELSEWHERE.

MAY ONLY BE MARKETED TO—
• ELIGIBLE INVESTORS IN LUXEMBOURG 
• PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS IN EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA COUNTRIES IN WHICH THE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER HAS OBTAINED A PASSPORT TO MARKET THE INTERESTS 
• QUALIFIED INVESTORS IN SWITZERLAND 

NOT FOR USE BY OR DISTRIBUTION TO US PERSONS 
[PdB1]AD/Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[PdB2]Alter Domus: Can this be the Tolaxis platform website?
[PdB3]AD to confirm. 
[PdB4]Alter Domus: Can this be the Tolaxis platform website?
[PdB5]Ad to confirm. 
[SG6]Please complete
[PdB7R6]Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[SG8]Please complete
[PdB9R8]Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[PdB10R8]Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[SG11]Please complete
[SG12]Please confirm and update LPA accordingly
[PdB13R12]Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[SG14]Please confirm
[PdB15R14]Tolaxis: Please confirm. 
[PdB16R14]Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[SG17]Please complete
[SG18]Please confirm
[PdB19R18]Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[PZ20]Valuation day = “the last day of each quarter” or “a day as of which the interest price is calculated”? 
[MOU21R20]In this context, it refers to the day on which the interest price of an investment is calculated.
[PdB22]Tolaxis: Please advise. 
[PdB23]Tolaxis: Please confirm price/amounts/carry/preferred return (if any).
[PdB24]Will/Tolaxis to confirm.  
[PdB25]Tolaxis: Please advise. 
[PdB26]Tolaxis/Service Providers: Please advise. 
[PdB27]Alter Domus/Tolaxis: Please confirm entry/exit charges and other fees. 
[PdB28]AD/Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[PdB29]Tolaxis/Service Providers: Please advise. 
[PdB30]Alter Domus: Is this acceptable? 
[PdB31]Alter Domus: Is this acceptable? 
[PdB32]AD/Will/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[Pd33]Tolaxis: Will entry/exit charges be applied?
[Pd34]Will/Tolaxis: will entry/exit charges be applied?
[PZ35]not in line with fees schedule: Admin fees are mostly not based on the NAV, Depo fees are based on the AUM
[PdB36R35]Alter Domus: Are these fees fixed fees? Can’t they expressed a maximum percentage?
[PZ37]not in line with fees schedule: Admin fees are mostly not based on the NAV, Depo fees are based on the AUM.
[PdB38R37]Are these fees fixed fees? Can’t they expressed a maximum percentage?
[SG39]Please Ops team confirm
[Pd40]Tolaxis: We should disclose whether fees will apply at acquisition of real estate assets. This fee is different than the 5% sourcing, negotiation, acquisition and liquidity fee that applies at the sale of an SAF. 
[Pd41]Will/Tolaxis: We should disclose if fees will apply at acquisition of real estate assets. This fee is different than the 5% sourcing, negotiation, acquisition and liquidity fee that applies at the sale of an SAF. 
[Pd42]Alter Domus: It is critical that  investor onboarding, investor account opening and transactions into the PLF are accessible through the Tolaxis platform website—let’s discuss.  
[PdB43]Tolaxis: Let’s discuss conditions for redemption applications financed by the PLF v. transfers to the PLF.
[PZ44]Record date of the investor’s investment into the fund to be confirmed, is it the payment date or the contract date?
[PdB45R44]This is the distribution record date. The record date should be the contract date as PVD applies. 
[PdB46]Alter Domus: Please confirm if you have a procedure for the closing of dormant investor accounts. 
[PdB47]AD to confirm. 
[PdB48]Alter Domus: Please confirm. 
[PdB49]AD to confirm. 
[PdB50]Tolaxis: Will there be one general partner for all the SAF or one general partner per SAF?
[PZ51]The role of the AIFM is not mentioned in this section
[PdB52]Alter Domus: Please complete this section. 
[PdB53]AD to complete this section. 
[PdB54]Alter Domus: Please complete this section. 
[PdB55]Alter Domus: Please complete this section. 
[PdB56]AD to complete this section. 
[PdB57]Alter Domus: Please confirm if sub-depositaries will be used.
[PdB58]AD to confirm if sub-depositaries will be used.
[PdB59]Alter Domus/Tolaxis: Will a Swiss rep or paying agent be used? We can recommend service providers if needed.
[PdB60]Will/Tolaxis: Will a Swiss rep or paying agent be used? We can recommend service providers if needed.
[PdB61]Alter Domus/Tolaxis: Please confirm. 
[PdB62]AD/Tolaxis to confirm. 
[PdB63]Alter Domus: Please confirm. 
[PdB64]Alter Domus: Please confirm. 
[PdB65]Alter Domus: Please confirm.  
[PZ66]Valuation day = “the last day of each quarter” or “a day as of which the interest price is calculated”? 
[MOU67R66]The term “valuation day" has a specific meaning as defined in the LPA. In this context, it refers to the day on which the interest price of an investment is calculated, as stated in the LPA.
[PdB68R66]See above. They are the same: a valuation day is the last day in a quarter, as of which the   interest price is calculated. 
[PdB69R66]See above. They are the same: a valuation day is the last day in a quarter, as of which the interest price is calculated. 
[PZ70]Valuation day = “the last day of each quarter” or “a day as of which the interest price is calculated”? 
TOLAXIS SINGLE ASSET FUNDS	22

CONTENTS

CONTENTS



USING THIS PROSPECTUS

USING THIS PROSPECTUS



A WORD TO INVESTORS

A WORD TO INVESTORS

A WORD TO INVESTORS

FUND DESCRIPTIONS

FUND DESCRIPTIONS

FUND DESCRIPTIONS





UNDERSTANDING YOUR RISKS

UNDERSTANDING RISK



UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT POWERS

UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT POWERS

UNDERSTANDING INVESTMENT POWERS

UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS

CLASSES AND COSTS

UNDERSTANDING CLASSES AND COSTS

INVESTING IN THE FUNDS

UNDERSTANDING PRICING AND VALUATION

UNDERSTANDING PRICING AND VALUATION

ONGOING COMMUNICATIONS

ONGOING COMMUNICATIONS

STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS

STRUCTURE AND OPERATIONS

GLOSSARY

GLOSSARY

NEXT STEPS

